Sustainability Report
2022
LOTES CO., LTD.

CONTENTS
5
chapter
4
chapter
3
chapter
1
chapter
Message from the Chairman                          01
Editorial Policy                                                     03
Stakeholders and Material Topics                  06
1.1 Sustainability Committee                           06
1.2 Confirmation of Stakeholders                    07
1.3 Stakeholder Communication                     08
1.4 Identification of Material Topics               10
2
chapter
About LOTES                                                        13
2.1Company Introduction                               13
       2.1.1Organizational Structure                   14
       2.1.2 Business Philosophy and 
                 Corporate Culture                              16   
2.2 Recent Management Performance        17
2.3 Participation in External Organization   18
Ethical Corporate Governance                           20
3.1 Governance Practices                                     20
       3.1.1 Board Operations                                   22
       3.1.2 Functional Committee Operations    24
       3.1.3 Internal Audits                                         26
       3.1.4 Ethics & Integrity                                    27
3.2 Risk Management                                          29
3.3 Legal Compliance                                           31
3.4 Operational Performance                             32
3.5 Product Advantages and Customer 
       Relations                                                           34
       3.5.1 Product Advantages                              34
       3.5.2 Protection of Trades Secrets and 
                 Transaction Security                              35
      3.5.3 Customer Relations                                37
3.6 Information Security                                      38
Social Care                                                                                                        65
5.1 Employee Overview                                                                                65
       5.1.1 Human Rights Policies                                                                   65
       5.1.2 Employee Statistics                                                                         67
5.2 Right Person for the Right Position                                                    71
       5.2.1 Compensation & Benefits                                                             71
       5.2.2 Talent Cultivation	
	
	
	
                  76
       5.2.3 Labor-Management Communication                                        77
5.3 Occupational Health & Safety	
	
	
                  78
       5.3.1 Worker Participation, Consultation, and Communication    79
       5.3.2 OHS Management System                                                           79
       5.3.3 Hazard Identification, Risk Assessment, and Accident 
                 Investigation                                                                                    79
       5.3.4 Analysis of Occupational Accident Statistics                            80
       5.3.5 Healthy Workplace Promotion                                                    81
5.4 Social Engagement	
	
	
                                   84 
Environmental Sustainability                         41
4.1 Energy Resource Management                43
4.2 Waste Management                                  57
4.3 Supply Chain Management                      59
4.4 Climate Change Management                 62
6
chapter
Appendix 
Appendix 1. GRI Content Index                                                                  85
Appendix 2. External Verification Statement                                          89
Appendix 3. Sustainability Accounting Standards                                90
Appendix 4. Sustainability Disclosure Indicators for the Electronic 
Components Industry                                                                                   90 
 (Appendix 1, Item 12 of the Operating Procedures for the Preparation 
and Reporting of Sustainability Reports by Listed Companies)
Appendix 5. Climate-related Information of Listed Companies	
91 
(Appendix 2 of the Operational Guidelines for the Preparation and 
Submission of Sustainability Reports by Listed Companies)

經營者的話
1
To friends who are concerned about LOTES' sustainable operation:
In 2022, the global economy showed signs of recovery from the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. However, uncertainties 
emerged due to the ongoing Russo-Ukrainian conflict, the ongoing trade tensions between China and the United States, and the 
issue of high inflation. Additionally, with the global greenhouse gas effect, countries have been introducing policies and future 
goals to reduce carbon emissions, which significantly impact LOTES' sustainable operations. To address various risks that may be 
faced in our business operations, LOTES has formulated a risk management policy and implemented relevant control measures 
to be well-prepared and mitigate the negative impacts of potential risks.
Firstly, in terms of economic performance, LOTES has actively invested in the development of new products and new 
customers, which has gradually yielded results as the conversion rate for new-generation servers and desktop computer CPU 
platforms has been increasing. This has driven the company's revenue to maintain stable growth in 2022 and achieve the highest 
revenue since its establishment. Despite the continuous increase in international raw material prices, profitability in 2022 grew 
by 80.13% compared to the previous year. The earnings per share after tax reached an impressive 58.7 yuan, enabling LOTES to 
consistently deliver outstanding results and repay the trust of our investors.
Secondly, sustainable business practices require sound corporate governance, balanced interests of stakeholders, 
environmental sustainability, and enthusiastic dedication to society. Since its establishment, LOTES has continuously invested 
efforts in environmental protection (E), social human rights (S), and corporate governance (G) to become a sustainable 
business. We have also made progress in safeguarding shareholders' rights, strengthening the effective operation of the board 
of directors, enhancing corporate transparency, and fulfilling corporate social responsibilities. Our corporate governance 
performance was ranked between 21% and 35% in the 2022 corporate governance evaluation. To enhance the sustainable 
development performance at our manufacturing facilities, we established the Sustainable Resource Development Department in 
China in 2022, responsible for implementing sustainable development strategies in coordination with the company's Sustainable 
Development Committee. We actively collaborate with external organizations and signed a sustainable development initiative 
led by E.SUN Bank in the current year, committing to take proactive actions to address climate change and contribute to the 
environment.
High-quality human resources are the core of a company's journey towards sustainable business. LOTES strives to create 
a happy and healthy workplace environment for our employees. We focus on the physical and mental health of our employees, 
provide a good working environment, and plan career development opportunities for them. We follow the requirements of 
occupational safety and health management systems, establish safe and healthy environments and processes as the highest 
Message from 
the Chairman
Sustainability Report
2022

2
Message from the Chairman
Chairman of the Board
Zhu, De-Xiang
standards for workplace operations. We have implemented a leave policy in compliance with local labor regulations and a welfare system that exceeds industry averages. We have 
autonomous management systems, diverse education and training programs, and talent rotation and development mechanisms. Together with competitive compensation, talent 
development plans, and work-life balance measures, we actively retain talent. In terms of employee healthcare, besides regular health check-ups, we also regularly organize health 
and safety lectures. We encourage various sports activities such as ball games and running to emphasize the importance of employees' daily health. We have communication 
channels through physical meetings and internal website mailboxes, and regularly hold labor-management meetings to understand the expectations of our employees, serving 
as references for organizational and unit improvements. These efforts aim to provide our employees with peace of mind and a supportive environment to unleash their potential 
within the company.
    In response to the issue of sustainable environment, LOTES has continuously introduced various advanced equipment and techniques to achieve green and sustainable 
practices. This includes the use of energy-efficient, waste-reducing, resource-conserving, and high-production-efficiency manufacturing equipment. We also incorporate 
renewable energy into our operations as a concrete action towards sustainability. LOTES actively invests in innovative research and development, considering the entire life cycle 
perspective, to meet the demand for green products. We strive to fulfill our environmental responsibilities and become an exemplary company in the industry.
To respond to the government's energy-saving and carbon reduction measures, we have established ongoing energy-saving programs. Through achieving energy savings 
and reducing energy consumption, we aim to minimize the environmental impact of our energy use. In 2022, our renewable energy utilization rate reached 15.85%, and our 
energy-saving programs resulted in a total energy savings of 41,930.54 GJ.
Regarding social care, LOTES upholds the principle of "caring for life, supporting the vulnerable, and fostering a harmonious society." Both our Taiwan headquarters and 
various manufacturing facilities in China leverage limited resources to actively assist vulnerable groups and contribute to the social stability. We organize activities such as 
supporting the underprivileged, blood donations, and community engagement. We also encourage our suppliers and employees to participate, demonstrating our commitment 
to social welfare through tangible actions.
In the era of significant global economic and environmental changes, LOTES recognizes that sustainable business practices not only accumulate the fundamental capabilities 
for the Group's operations but also effectively mitigate or eliminate operational risks. It also allows us to share sustainable value with stakeholders. In addition to strengthening 
customer partnerships, LOTES will continue to focus on R&D of existing products and adopt a diversified strategy to enhance market sensitivity. This ensures that we fully grasp 
product and market development trends and maintain our competitive advantage to continuously create maximum profits for all shareholders. Through the publication of the 
2022 Corporate Sustainability Report, LOTES aims to provide all stakeholders with a better understanding of our efforts and achievements in sustainable development. We also 
welcome ongoing guidance and suggestions from stakeholders. Thank you for your support of LOTES.

3
Editorial Policy
Editorial Policy
Scope of Disclosure
Report Compilation Framework
LOTES Co., Ltd. has released its 2022 Sustainability Report on a voluntary 
basis to demonstrate its commitment to the pursuit of corporate sustainability and 
enhancement of information transparency. This Report has been issued to provide 
all LOTES stakeholders with a detailed description of the Company's actions and 
performance in the fields of ethical corporate governance practices, environmental 
protection and occupational safety measures, and employee compensation and 
benefits improvements with sustainable corporate management goals as the guiding 
principles. We hope to make strides on the path toward corporate sustainability by 
relying on the ongoing concern and valuable suggestions of all our stakeholders.
Disclosure categories
Scope of Sustainability Information
Period
Jan-Dec 2022 (in consideration of data integrity, 
operating activities spanning different years have 
been included in the scope of disclosures as explained 
specifically in this Report)
Operating Sites
Taiwan HQ
Plants in China (Guangzhou, Zhongshan, Suzhou)
Financial Data
Consistent with the data disclosed in the Financial 
Statements released by LOTES
EHS, employee, and social 
welfare activity-related 
data
Taiwan HQ
Plants in China (Guangzhou, Zhongshan, Suzhou)
● The structure of this report is based on the latest "GRI Standards" (Global 
Reporting Initiative), Sustainable Accounting Standards Board (SASB) guidelines, 
Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) recommendations, 
and aligned with the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). It 
also complies with the requirements of the "Operational Guidelines for Listed 
Companies to Prepare and Declare Sustainability Reports." In the appendix of 
this report, an index of the GRI Standards content is provided for reference by 
stakeholders.
● The financial data disclosed in this Report has been audited and attested by 
KPMG Taiwan in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards 
(IFRS) with 1000 NTD as the basic calculation unit. Environmental protection, 
employee, and occupational safety data has been compiled and organized 
independently by competent departments and verified by department heads. 
It is presented based on calculations conducted with reference to international 
generic indicators (IGI).
● With a view to enhancing the quality of disclosures in this Report, GREAT 
Certification has been commissioned to verify the disclosed data pursuant to the 
requirements of the AA1000 Type I (Moderate) Assurance Standards (AA1000AS 
v3) to confirm conformity to the core options of the GRI Standards 2021. A 
verification statement has been acquired and included in the Appendix for 
reference purposes.
● In addition to the Taiwan headquarters being certified with the ISO 9001:2015 
Quality Management System, our three major operational sites in China have also 
achieved certification for ISO 14001:2015 Environmental Management System, 
ISO 9001:2015 Quality Management System, and ISO 45001:2018 Occupational 
Health and Safety Management System, maintaining valid certificates. 
Furthermore, the Guangzhou and Zhongshan plants have obtained certification 
for ISO 14064-1:2018 External Greenhouse Gas Inventory Verification. Please 
refer to section 2.2 of this report for details on these certificates and recent 
management achievements.
2022 Sustainability Report

4
Editorial Policy
Publication Frequency
Report Feedback
Reporting Period Revision
LOTES plans to release reports on an annual basis (this report is the third of its kind)
Publication of this issue: July 2023
Planned publication of the next issue: June 2024
In line with eco-friendly, paperless practices and in fulfillment of the Company's 
responsibility as a corporate citizen, an electronic file of the complete report in 
traditional Chinese will be made available on the official LOTES website for viewing 
by stakeholders.	 	
	
	
	
	
Don't hesitate to contact us if you have any comments or suggestions regarding the 
contents of this report.
● Contact Window
Taiwan
Management Department executive	
jerrylee@lotestech.com  
02-24331110 Ext.105
China
Sustainable Resources Development Department
td06@lotes.com.cn
+86-20-84682476  Ext.8672
Corporate website：https://www.lotes.cc/zh-tw
Add : No.15, Wusyun Street, Anle District, Keelung City, 20446, Taiwan
There have been no major changes to the organization or the scope of reporting 
during the reporting period of this report. In the event of any modifications or 
adjustments to the data or content, an explanation will be provided at the relevant 
section.
Link to the Sustainability Report
https://www.lotes.cc/zh-tw/responsibility.php#report

1
chapter
Stakeholders and 
Material Topics
1.1 Sustainability Committee
1.2 Confirmation of Stakeholders
1.3 Stakeholder Communication
1.4 Identification of Material Topics

6
Stakeholders and Material Topics
01 Stakeholders and Material Topics
1.1 Sustainability Committee
Sustainability Committee
Issues within the scope of responsibility of task forces subordinate 
to the Sustainability Committee
With a view to enhancing our ESG performance, we have formed a Sustainability Committee with the President serving as Chairman. The Executive Secretary of the 
Committee is responsible for the definition of sustainable development directions which are subject to approval by the Committee Chairman before being implemented and put 
into practice internally. The ultimate goal is to gradually incorporate sustainability concepts into LOTES' corporate culture.
Dedicated task forces subordinate to the Committee have been established to ensure that sustainable development covers environmental, social, and governance (ESG) 
criteria. Competent departments gather issues of concern to stakeholders in the dimensions of environmental protection, occupational safety, supply chain management, labor 
rights, operational performance, and corporate governance. Based on a firm commitment to safeguarding stakeholder rights and interests, a stakeholder section has been 
created on the corporate website to facilitate adequate responses to key sustainability issues of concern to stakeholders. It is also planned to deliver annual reports on ESG 
implementation results to the LOTES Board of Directors to raise the level of participation of the board in the implementation of ESG criteria.
Committee Chairman 
President
Social Inclusion 
Task Force
Risk Management 
Task Force
Corporate Governance Task 
Force
Green Operations Task 
Force
Executive Director 
ManagementDepartment 
Executive
Management Department /Sales 
Department QC Department 
Supplies/Department
Market Development 
Department/HR Department
Finance Department/
Business Management 
Department IT Department/
Legal & Intellectual Property 
Office 
President's Office
Manufacturing Department/
R&D Division Production 
Technology Department/
Equipment Center Industrial 
Engineering Department
First-level unit heads
Corporate 
Governance Task 
Force
Internal audits, financial performance, information 
security, board governance practices.
Green Operations 
Task Force
Green products, supply chain environmental 
assessments, energy conservation and carbon 
reduction, utilization of energy resources, GHG 
inventories, climate change management.
Social Inclusion 
Task Force
Salaries & benefits, training & education, manpower 
structure, occupational health & safety, product safety, 
customer services, employer-employee relations, 
supply chain social responsibility, social engagement.
Risk Management 
Task Force
Operational risk management.
Sustainability Report
2022

7
1.2 Confirmation of Stakeholders
Material Topic Identification Procedures 
We convene Sustainability Committee meetings and explore international trends in the field of sustainable development, LOTES industry characteristics, and 
sustainability reporting benchmarking. Major stakeholders are identified through routine interactions based on their level of concern for and reliance and impact on 
LOTES' business operations. The following major stakeholder categories have been confirmed: employees, customers, investors, suppliers, local communities, government 
agencies, and financial institutions.
A company's stakeholders are crucial for its business operations. We therefore pay close attention to the demands of our stakeholders and conduct materiality analyses for 
our sustainability reports to ensure that the disclosed information meets those demands. Material topics in the 2022 Sustainability Report were confirmed through a five-step 
process (Identification of Stakeholders, Gathering of Sustainability Issues, Survey of Issues of Concern to Stakeholders, Survey of Internal and External Impact Levels, and Analysis 
of Material Topics).
Identify Actual and 
Potential Impacts
Assess the Significance 
of Impacts
1
2
3
4
In this step, we refer to relevant 
sustainability industry guidelines 
and examine the organization's 
operational activities, business 
re l a t i o n s h i p s ,  a n d  s t a ke h o l d e r 
identification processes. The goal is to 
gain a comprehensive understanding 
of the organization's overall profile 
and related impacts, and identify key 
sustainability stakeholders.
B a s e d  o n  t h e  o r g a n i z a t i o n ' s 
o v e r a l l  p r o f i l e  a n d  b u s i n e s s 
relationships, identify the actual 
a n d  p o t e n t i a l  i m p a c t s  o n  t h e 
economy, environment, and society. 
These impacts can be positive or 
negative, short-term or long-term, 
intentional or unintentional, and 
reversible or irreversible. Select 20 
sustainability-related issues for further 
consideration.
Conduct a significance analysis of the 
impacts using external stakeholder 
surveys on economic, environmental, 
and social impacts, as well as internal 
operational impact surveys.
Rank the identified impact issues 
based on their significance and 
assess their significance according to 
sustainability industry guidelines and 
consultation with advisors. Finally, 
select the top 10 material topics.
Prioritize Reporting Sequence 
for the Most Significant 
Impacts
Understand the 
Organizational Context
Stakeholders and Material Topics
2022 Sustainability Report

8
1.3 Stakeholder Communication
The Sustainability Committee gathers, condenses, and organizes issues of concern raised by major stakeholders in the course of routine dealings and interactions. A 
total of 20 sustainability issues in the economic, environmental, and social dimensions have been identified with reference to the GRI Sustainability Reporting Standards 
and ESG reports released by competitors to ensure that the disclosed sustainability information satisfies GRI requirements in the fields of integrity and diversity.
Major stakeholder 
categories
Significance for LOTES
Issues of concern
Communication channels/frequency
Employees
Employees
Employees represent an indispensable driving 
force for the Company's operations. LOTES 
is therefore fully committed to creating a 
workplace environment that is conducive to the 
physical and mental well-being and diversified 
development of all employees.
Labor-Management Communication
Labor-Management Meetings/Quarterly
Welfare Committee Meetings/As required
Training & Education
Training planning and administration/Annually
Risk Management
Website announcements/As required
ESG report disclosures/Annually
Occupational Health & Safety
Health checks/ Pursuant to applicable laws
6S activities/Daily
Health &safety reports to the competent authority/Monthly
Staff Diversity and Equality
Labor-Management Meetings/Quarterly
Employee Suggestion Box/As required
Employee Satisfaction Surveys/Annually
Human Rights Policy
Labor-Management Meetings/Quarterly
Employee Suggestion Box/As required
Employee satisfaction surveys/Annually
Customers
Customers
Since customers represent LOTES main 
revenue source, the Company has made a firm 
pledge to guarantee excellent product quality 
and maintain positive interactions with all 
customers.
Customer Services
Customer Satisfaction Surveys/Annually
Operational Risk Management
Website announcements/As required
ESG report disclosures/Annually
Customer Health and Safety
Packaging & labeling/Every product batch
Test reports/Every product batch
Compliance with Environmental, Social, and Economic Laws
Environmental & industrial safety inspections conducted by 
customers/As required
Product Safety and Responsibility
Product verification/Every product batch
Information Security
Non-disclosure Agreement/At contract signing
Investors
Investors
Since investors contribute capital to the 
Company, protecting their rights and interests 
and treating them in a fair and equitable manner 
is a core aspect of LOTES' corporate governance 
framework. The Company further ensures that 
all investors have a full understanding of major 
company matters and guarantees their right to 
participate in decision-making processes.
Economic Performance
Annual Reports/Annually
Shareholders' Meetings/Annually
Compliance with Environmental, Social, and Economic Laws
Annual Reports/Annually
Business Ethics
Website announcements/As required 
ESG report disclosures/Annually
Risk Management
Website announcements/As required 
ESG report disclosures/Annually
Stakeholders and Material Topics

9
Major stakeholder 
categories
Significance for LOTES
Issues of concern
Communication channels/frequency
Suppliers
Suppliers
Production operations of the Company rely on a 
stable supply of raw materials and components by 
numerous suppliers.
Risk Management
Website announcements/As required 
ESG report disclosures/Annually
Economic Performance
Annual Reports/Annually
Shareholders' Meetings/Annually
Procurement Practices
Supply Chain Sustainability
Supplier appraisals and evaluations /Quarterly for new suppliers
Supplier Audit Form/New supplier changes
Supplier Letters of Commitment/New suppliers
Supplier appraisals/Annual appraisals of new and existing suppliers
Communities
Communities
Environmental pollution caused by the Company's 
production processes poses a grave threat to local 
communities and 
environments and significantly impacts the quality 
of life of local residents.
Waste Management
Energy Management
Water Resource Management
GHG Emissions 
Local Community
Regulatory Compliance
Occupational Health and Safety
Website announcements/As required
Website announcements/As required
Donation drives/As required
Website announcements/As required
Participation in community organizations/As required
Government 
Government 
Agencies
Agencies
Government agencies supervise and audit legal 
compliance practices of the Company to ensure 
that company operations conform to legal 
requirements.  
Occupational Health and Safety
Regulatory Compliance
Greenhouse Gas Emissions
Energy Management
Waste Management
Raw Material Usage
Water Resource Management
Business Ethics
Climate Change Financial Impacts
Website reporting/Monthly
Public hearings on laws and discussion forums organized by the 
competent authority /As required
ESG report disclosures/Annually
ESG report disclosures/Annually
Website announcements/As required
Website announcements/As required
Website announcements/As required
ESG report disclosures/Annually
Financial 
Financial 
Institutions
Institutions
Bank loans enable the Company to constantly 
upgrade its production equipment, invest in other 
areas, and create more revenue sources.
Risk Management
Economic Performance
Website announcements/As required
ESG report disclosures/Annually
Stakeholders and Material Topics
2022 Sustainability Report

10
1.4 Identification of Material Topics
The Sustainable Development Committee developed 20 sustainability 
issues and distributed an online questionnaire to key stakeholders. A total of 
100 valid responses were received, providing ratings on the impact of each 
sustainability issue concerning corporate governance, environment, and people. 
The Sustainable Development Committee convened to consider the results of 
the stakeholder impact assessment, conducted an internal operational impact 
assessment, and sought external consultant opinions to prioritize and determine 
the material topics. 
LOTES categorizes the ESG initiatives of the year into three main axes based on the 
10 material topics. These axes are: compliance with regulations and continuous 
investment in research and development to ensure product safety and responsibility, 
creating greater profits and accountability to investors, and enhancing cybersecurity to 
protect company trade secrets. We also focus on creating a safe and healthy workplace 
for employees, improving salary and welfare standards, and providing training 
opportunities for 
continuous 
employee growth. 
Additionally, 
in response 
to 
global warming and 
the international 
trend of carbon 
reduction, gradually 
implements 
energy-saving and 
waste reduction 
measures, 
establishes various 
environmental 
management 
mechanisms, 
and avoids 
legal violations 
and excessive 
environmental 
impacts.
Stakeholder 
Impact 
Assessment 
Questionnaire
Received 100 
responses.
identification of 
material topics
10 in total
Sustainability 
Issues
20 in total
Sustainable 
Development 
Committee's 
Operational Impact 
Meeting
1. Information Security 2. Business Ethics 4. Regulatory 
Compliance 12. Supply Chain Sustainability 13. Financial 
Performance 17. Procurement Practices 11. Risk Management 
This year, there have been adjustments to the sustainability issues compared to the 
year 2021, resulting in changes to the material topics as well.
5. Energy Management 7. Waste Management 10. 
Greenhouse Gas Emissions 16. Water Resource Management 
15. Financial Impacts of Climate Change
3. Product Safety and Responsibility 6. Customer Service 8. 
Employment Relations 9. Occupational Health and Safety 
14. Human Rights Policy 18. Training and Education 19. 
Employee Diversity and Equality 20. Local Community
Note: The numbers assigned to the issues represent their ranking order, and the 
ones highlighted in red are the material topics.
Material Topics Changes
2021
2022
Ranking Change
R&D Technologies
Information Security
↑2
Financial Performance
Business Ethics
New
Information Security
Product Safety and Responsibility
New
Compliance with Environmental, Social, and 
Economic Laws
Compliance with nvironmental, 
Social, and Economic Laws
--
Occupational Health & Safety
Energy Management
New
Employer-Employee Relations
Customer Services
New
GHG Emissions
Waste Management
New
Training & Education
Employer-employee relations
↓2
Protection of Trade Secrets and Transaction Security
Occupational Health & Safety
↓4
--
GHG Emissions
↓3
Corporate 
Governance/
Economic
Environmental
Communities
Response to 
Global Warming and 
International Carbon 
Reduction Trends, Step-
by-Step Implementation of 
Carbon Reduction Measures, 
Implementation of Various 
Environmental Control 
Mechanisms, Prevention 
of Legal Violations 
and Excessive 
Environmental 
Impacts
Creation of Blissful 
Workplace Environments 
Conducive to Employee Health and Safety, 
Raising of Compensation and Benefits Standards 
and Scheduling of Competency Training, 
Ongoing Employee Growth
Ongoing 
Injection of 
R&D Capabilities, 
Maximization of 
Profits to Demonstrate 
Accountability to 
Investors, Reinforced 
Information Security and 
Protection of Trade 
Secrets
Energy Management, Waste 
Management GHG Emissions 
Employment Relations, Employee training 
Product Safety and Responsibility, 
Occupational Health & Safety
Business Ethics, Compliance with 
Laws, Information Security
Stakeholders and Material Topics

11
Material Topics and Internal/External Boundaries
Category
Ranking of Material 
Topics
Significance for LOTES
Corresponding topic-
specific GRI standards 
(Disclosure items)
Internal 
boundaries
External boundaries
Corresponding 
Chapter(s)
LOTES
Customers
Customers
Communities
Corporate 
Governance
Information Security
In recent years, the increase in cybersecurity threats has prompted the company to 
actively invest in cybersecurity resources and strengthen its security defense network. In 
the year 2022, there were no major cybersecurity incidents, indicating a positive actual 
impact.
No Corresponding Topic
●
○
○
3.6
Corporate 
Governance
Business Ethics
Ethics and integrity, as well as anti-corruption, are core values of the company. In the year 
2022, continuous training and awareness programs were implemented to strengthen 
employees' adherence to ethical business behavior. No suspected violations of business 
ethics were reported or discovered, indicating a positive actual impact.
No Corresponding Topic
●
○
○
3.1.4
Corporate 
Governance
Product Safety and 
Responsibility
Providing products that comply with environmental regulations and meet customer 
requirements contributes to enhancing the company's competitiveness and avoiding 
financial losses resulting from non-compliance. In the year 2022, no instances of 
products violating regulations or customer safety requirements occurred, indicating a 
positive actual impact.
No Corresponding Topic
●
○
○
3.5.1
Environmental
/Social
Compliance with 
Environmental, 
Social, and Economic 
Laws
Compliance is a fundamental requirement in the company's operations. The company 
identifies and responds to regulations accordingly. In the year 2022, no significant 
instances of non-compliance with regulations occurred, indicating a positive actual 
impact.
No Corresponding Topic
●
○
★
3.3
Social
Energy Management
Energy issues have an impact on the company's operations. The company actively 
implements energy-saving projects. However, due to the continuous increase in 
electricity costs, it is anticipated that this will pose a challenge in the future, particularly 
in meeting customer demands. Therefore, it is considered a negative potential impact.
302 Energy: 2016
 (302-1~302-5)
●
○
★
4.1
Social
Customer Services
Providing products and services that meet customer demands to achieve customer 
satisfaction contributes to the improvement of financial performance. In the year 2022, it 
had a positive actual impact.
No Corresponding Topic
●
○
3.5.3
Environmental
Waste Management
Reducing waste generation and increasing waste recycling and reuse rates contribute to 
achieving a circular economy. The company's high business waste recycling rate had a 
positive actual impact.
306 Waste: 2020 
（306-1~306-5）
●
○
★
4.2
Social
Employment 
Relations
Increasing employee salaries and benefits can enhance employees' sense of 
identification with the company and attract and retain talented individuals. The 
employee satisfaction level meets the target, indicating a positive actual impact.
401 Employer-Employee 
Relations: 2016 
(401-1, 401-2)
●
5.2
Corporate 
Governance
Occupational Health 
& Safety
Providing a healthy and safe work environment, as well as health promotion activities, 
helps foster employee engagement and enhance workforce productivity. In 2022, no 
major occupational injuries or violations of regulations occurred, indicating a positive 
actual impact.
403 Occupational Health 
& Safety: 2018
 (403-1~403-10)
●
○
○
5.3
Environmental
GHG Emissions
The greenhouse effect and resulting climate change pose increasingly severe 
environmental impacts, which is also a challenge that LOTES needs to address in the 
future. It represents a negative potential impact.
305 Emissions: 2016 
(305-1~305-5)
●
○
★
4.1
Note: ● indicates direct impact; ○ indicates impact through business relationships; ★ indicates impact facilitated by the company.
Stakeholders and Material Topics
2022 Sustainability Report

2
chapter
About LOTES
2.1 Company Introduction
2.2 Recent Management Performance
2.3 Participation in External Organizations

13
02 About LOTES
2.1 Company Introduction
LOTES Co., Ltd. was established in Keelung 
City of Taiwan in 1986 and became a listed company 
in Taiwan in 2007. The Company is specialized 
in designing and manufacturing connector, CPU 
socket as well as providing solutions for notebook 
computer, personal computer and mobile electronic 
equipment. LOTES products and LOTES brand have 
already been used extensively in Asia and global 
market. LOTES is firmly convinced of continuous 
research and improvement. Through huge amount 
of investment in research and development each 
year, LOTES has successfully registered over 3,000 
patents in U.S., Germany, Japan, China and Taiwan. 
Against the backdrop of continuous growth in 
business, LOTES Group officially established 
Guangzhou branch in 1993, Suzhou branch in 2003 
and Zhongshan branch in 2021 respectively to meet 
with increasing demands from clients in the Greater 
China Region.
Company History
Company Name
LOTES Co., Ltd
Industrial Category
Listed Electronic Parts and Components Industry in R.O.C
SASB Industry classification: Technology & Communications/
Hardware 
Headquarters
No.15, Wusyun Street, Anle District, Keelung City, Taiwan
2022 Capital Amount
(Unit: NTD thousands)
1,078,298
2022 Revenue
(Unit: NTD thousands)
27,099,134
Business Footprints
Taiwan (Keelung)
China (Guangzhou, Zhongshan, Suzhou) 
Number of Employees
Taiwan: 157
Guangzhou, China: 3,643
Zhongshan, China: 23,807
Suzhou, China: 694
Main Products/Services
Various types of connector and electronic components for computers, 
communication devices, cell phones and consumer electronics
Quantity of Products 
Provided
Connectors and Cables 3,687,263 Thousand PCS
LOTES has a 
professional team 
with over 30 years 
of expertise.
LOTES received 
INTEL quality 
supplier award.
LOTES has more 
3,000 patent 
certifications.
LOTES is specialized in 
professional and 
customized 
manufacturing 
and R&D.
LOTES Advantage
15.43%
84.57%
Proportion of 
Sales Revenue
About LOTES
Domestic
Export
2022 Sustainability Report

14
Taiwan
China
To enhance cross-strait market connection as well as consolidation of the Group's 
resources, LOTES' business footprints are focused mainly in China and Taiwan with major business 
locations as follows:
Business Footprints
2.1.1 Organization Structure
LOTES CO., LTD
Address: 
No.15, Wusyun Street, Anle 
District, Keelung City, Taiwan
LOTES SUZHOU CO., LTD
Address:
No. 26, Caohu Avenue, Caohu Sub-district, Suzhou
City, Jiangsu Province
LOTES GUANGZHOU CO., LTD.
Address: 
No.526, North of Jingling Road, Nansha Economic 
& Technological Development Zone, Guangzhou, 
China
LOTES ZHONGSHAN CO., LTD.
Address: 
No. 12, Jinhui Road, Sanjiao Town, Zhongshan City, 
Guangdong Province
Department
Duties & Responsibilities
President
◆Execution of Board of Directors Meeting resolution and assumption of 
    responsibility to all shareholders.
◆Overall planning of the Company to ensure corporate development direction
◆Determination of organization structure.
◆Approval of the Company's major strategy and entering of critical agreements.
◆Establishment of quality policy/quality goal.
President's 
Office
◆Assistance to President in executing overall planning matters
Auditing Office ◆Inspection & assessment of the Company internal control system's soundness, 
   rationality and effectiveness
Business 
Management 
Department
◆Quality control of offshore related production, development of product delivery 
    business, customer service and maintenance and enhancement of customer/ 
    supply relationship
◆Planning and analysis of Group affiliate's operations
Administration 
Department
◆Talent recruitment operation and management of HR data and attendance/ 
   absence 
◆Planning and execution of employee education and training matters; 
◆Management of general affair related matters
◆Maintenance of office equipment and logistics related matters;
◆Offshore affiliate's HR Management
About LOTES
Board of Directors
Remuneration Committee
Audit Committee
Audit Office
Chairman
President
President’s Office
Business Management
Department
Administration
Department
Finance
Department
Sales
Department
Manufacturing
Department
R&D
Department
Quality
Department
 IT
Department
Legal & IP 
Office

15
Department
Duties & Responsibilities
Finance 
Department
◆Supply of related financial and management statements to external users and  
   internal management 
◆Planning and execution of annual budget 
◆Fund raising operation and management 
◆Production and analysis of daily accounting, tax and financial statements
◆Reimbursement of the Company's various expenses
◆Company operation performance assessment and cost analysis
◆Capital management and fund raising for offshore affiliate
Sales 
Department
◆Market development 
◆Business handling of external product quotation, letter communication and  
   client reception
◆Operations of order accepting, revising and payment collection
◆Coordination with respective departments for on-time product delivery and  
   negotiation with clients in the event of failed on-time delivery
◆Client data sorting and after-sales service
R&D 
Department
◆Development of new products or design and execution of molds
◆Implementation of design change management upon communication of  
   change or design
◆Verification of finished molds
Manufacturing 
Department
◆Production of plastic products: manufacturing of plastic components for  
   products; design and modification of plastic injection jig and mold;  
   maintenance of field equipment; material management 
◆Production of stamping products: manufacturing of product terminal design 
   and modification of stamping mold and jig; field equipment maintenance;  
   material management 
◆Leading responsibility on supplier management; purchase management on  
   material, machine and daily expendable; arrangement and control of  
   production plan
◆Storage management of inventory materials, work-in-progress and finished  
   products; arrangement and management for optimization of production  
   efficiency and manufacturing progress capability 
◆Purchase on behalf of offshore affiliate
Quality Control 
Department
◆Control of product quality system 
◆Defectives rectification and prevention measures
◆Customer complaint handling 
◆Inspection of products transferred from external source/self-made products/ 
   finished products/raw materials 
◆Guidance to supplier; inspection and monitoring on incoming materials,  
   manufacturing process and shipping
IT Department
◆Maintenance of internet system
◆Maintenance of soft/hardware equipment
◆Maintenance of systems
◆Planning and execution of IT system
Legal & IP 
Department
◆Patent related matters
◆Legal related matters
◆Intellectual property related matters
Metallic Material
Plastic Material
Electroplating 
Material
·Phosphor bronze
·Brass
·Beryllium copper
·Titanium copper
·Low-impedance copper
·Stainless steel
·SPCC
·LCP
·PPS
·PBT
·PCT
·NYLON
·PC
·Gold plate
·Tinplate
·Nickel plate
Product Design + Mold Development
Stamping/Die Casting Forming
Plastic
Electroplating
Assembly + Test
Finished Goods
Computer & 
Peripherals
Telecommunications
Consumer 
Electronics
Automotive 
Industry
Information 
Appliance
Others
Injection Molding
Metal
Electroplated Metal
Upstream Raw 
Material Industry
Midstream Connector Industry
Downstream Terminal 
Application
LOTES's Position
Industry Chain
About LOTES
2022 Sustainability Report

16
2.1.2 Business Philosophy and 
         Corporate Culture
 Looking ahead, we strive to serve as highly reliable 
and trustworthy strategic partners for our customers 
by embracing a spirit of innovative R&D and ongoing 
advances. The ultimate goal of LOTES' corporate culture 
which emphasizes top quality and speediest services is 
to establish manufacturing centers for customers all over 
the world and thereby turn LOTES into a globalized hi-
tech enterprise.
Management 
approaches
Production & 
marketing
policies
Future goals
．Intensification of cross-strait market linkages coupled with coordination of production capacity allocation to ensure a firm grasp of market changes and 
    demands. 
．Strengthening of the R&D team paired with ongoing development of new products and technology upgrades to enhance the company's technological 
    capabilities and create competitive advantages.
．Integration of group resources coupled with improvement of production and management capabilities to reduce production costs and enhance 
    operational efficiency.
．Strengthening of customer relationship management (CRM) to enhance competitive efficiency coupled with proactive maintenance of close partnerships 
    with large international manufacturers. 
．Customer orientation and proximity to market-leading manufacturers with the goal of providing customers with diversified product services.
．Enhancement of plant management effectiveness and division of labor between local and overseas plants to strengthen inventory management 
    capabilities, effectively control production costs, and enhance production and marketing mechanisms.
Looking ahead, we will persist in our efforts to intensify partnerships with our customers and implement R&D improvements for existing products in the 
face of a fiercely competitive market and a highly volatile economic environment. In addition, we adopt multi-pronged strategies and rely on excellent 
cooperative relations with world-class professional manufacturers to sharpen our market acumen, gain a full grasp of the latest product development trends, 
and facilitate the development of niche products. The ultimate goal lies in the improvement of the company's competitiveness, successful achievement of its 
operational objectives, and maximization of shareholder value. 
Innovation
Innovation
Teamwork
Teamwork
Efficiency
Efficiency
Passion
Passion
Infinite Innovation 
with Limited 
Resources
One Mind, Concerted 
Effort and Dedicated 
Collaboration
Right Measures 
in Doing Things 
Correctly
Positive and 
Voluntary
Social Services
About LOTES

17
2.2 Recent Management 
      Performance
In addition to prioritizing management 
performance, we have successively adopted various 
management systems to satisfy the demands and 
expectations of our internal and external stakeholders. 
We pursue constant improvements and ongoing 
progress toward sustainability through the adoption of 
management systems, risk-based thinking, and the PDCA 
management cycle concept.
Adopted management systems
Guanzhou Plant
Suzhou Plant
Zhongshan Plant
．ISO 9001: 2015 Quality management systems
．ISO 14001: 2015 Environment Management System
．SO 45001: 2018 Occupational health and safety management systems.
．QC 080000 Hazardous Substance Process Management System
．ISO 14064-1:2018 - Specification with guidance at the organization 
    level for quantification and reporting of greenhouse gas emissions and 
    removals
．IATF 16949: 2016 Quality management system for organizations in the
    automotive industry
．ISO 9001: 2015 Quality management systems
．ISO 14001: 2015 Environment Management System
．ISO 45001: 2018 Occupational health and safety management systems
．QC 080000 Hazardous Substance Process Management System
．IATF 16949: 2016 Quality management system for organizations in the
    automotive industry
．ISO 13485: 2016 Medical devices Quality management systems
．ISO 14064-1:2018 - Specification with guidance at the organization 
   level for quantification and reporting of greenhouse gas emissions and 
    removals
．ISO 9001: 2015 Quality management systems
．ISO 14001: 2015 Environment Management System
．ISO 45001: 2018 Occupational health and safety management systems.
．QC 080000 Hazardous Substance Process Management System
．ISO 14064-1:2018 - Specification with guidance at the organization 
   level forquantification and reporting of greenhouse gas emissions and 
    removals
．IATF 16949: 2016 Quality management system for organizations in the 
    automotive industry
．ISO13485:2016 Quality management system for medical device
About LOTES
2022 Sustainability Report

18
2.3 Participation in External Organizations
We are firmly committed to promoting industrial development through proactive participation in external organizations and strive to gain a clear understanding of international 
trends and norms and standards in different countries through external interactions. Identified trends and norms are incorporated into our sustainability strategies and policies. Ultimately, 
we aim to promote the services of associations we participate in and thereby maximize our influence for the betterment of the entire industry.
To demonstrate our commitment to promoting sustainable 
development, LOTES actively collaborates with external organizations and 
has signed the Sustainable Development Initiative initiated by E.Sun Bank. 
LOTES pledges to take proactive measures in response to climate change, 
including controlling greenhouse gas emissions and mitigating negative 
impacts on the climate. In 2022, we conducted a greenhouse gas inventory 
and obtained ISO 14064-1 certification. We have also set carbon reduction 
targets. Additionally, for any future construction of new facilities, LOTES will 
ensure appropriate placement for solar power generation facilities.
Taiwan Electronic Connection 
Association  (TECA)
Guangdong Connector 
Association
Guangzhou Industry Association 
for the Management of 
Controlled Chemical Substances
U.S. USB-IF
U.S.SATA-IO/
Contributor
Taiwan ITRI New Venture 
Association (TINVA)
Shenzhen Connectors Industry 
Association
China Electronic Components 
Association
U.S. JEDEC
U.S. SFF
Taiwan Electrical and 
Electronic  manufacturers' 
Association (TEEMA)
Guanzhou Nansha District 
Association of Work Safety
China Computer 
Interconnection Technology 
Alliance (CCITA)
U.S. PCI-SIG
U.S. Open Compute Project 
Foundation
Director
Member
Member
Member
Member
Direcotr
Member
Member
Member
Member
Member
Member
Member
About LOTES

19
3
chapter
Ethical Corporate Governance
3.1 Governance Practices
3.2 Risk Management
3.3 Legal Compliance
3.4 Operational Performance
3.5 Product Advantages and Customer Relations
3.6 Information Security

20
03 Ethical Corporate Governance
Solid corporate governance encompassing sound board operations, a rigorous 
internal control system, and stable financial management and control is not only 
conducive to lowering business risks but also enhances corporate competitiveness and 
creates brand value. Ethical corporate management can be implemented by building an 
integrity and accountability based corporate culture and ensuring strict compliance with 
applicable laws. In addition, an excellent corporate governance framework can guarantee 
sound business development and helps safeguard the rights and interests of investors 
and other stakeholders.
We have shaped a corporate governance system pursuant to the provisions set 
forth in the Securities and Exchange Act and other applicable regulations to protect 
shareholders' equity, strengthen board functions, safeguard stakeholders' rights and 
interests, and enhance information transparency. The board has ratified fair, impartial, 
and transparent Procedures for Election of Directors, Corporate Governance Best 
Practice Principles, and appointment of independent directors to strengthen the board 
management and supervisory functions. In addition, the board has approved Ethical 
Corporate Management Principles, Codes of Ethical Conduct, and Material Internal 
Information Handling and Control Procedures to explicitly prohibit the use of material 
internal information which is not publicly available on markets by directors, managerial 
officers, and other individuals who are privy to such information due to their duties and 
responsibilities in the Company. Moreover, we have established a complete information 
disclosure system based on the core principles of accuracy, timeliness, and fairness to 
facilitate the provision of detailed information on the Company's operations, finances, 
board of directors, and shareholder's meetings on the corporate website and Market 
Observation Post Reporting System to give shareholders access to the latest information.
LOTES has also established diverse grievance mechanisms, with different contact 
points and channels available for various stakeholder categories, as displayed on the 
Stakeholders section of the company's official website. Through two-way communication, 
LOTES aims to comprehend the requirements and expectations of its stakeholders and 
endeavors to meet their expectations.
LOTES official website/
Investor section/ 
Corporate governance
Communication channels of 
stakeholders section
3.1 Governance Practices
As the highest decision-making body of the Company, Shareholders' Meetings 
which are composed of all shareholders adopt resolutions on all major company matters 
and hear reports delivered by the board of directors on a regular basis. The members 
of the Board of Directors which is the highest governance body faithfully perform the 
duty of care of good administrators in the planning of management policies and review 
of financial performance. They further ensure that all Company operations conform to 
applicable laws and regulations. With a view to perfecting corporate governance and 
enhancing corporate competitiveness, the board has set up Audit and Remuneration 
Committees to ensure sound board operations. The Auditing Office, an independent 
unit directly subordinate to the board, conducts regular audits and reports the results to 
the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors.
We continue to enhance our corporate governance framework in pursuit of 
sustainable growth and ethical corporate management to demonstrate our strong 
commitment in this area. We also embrace information transparency which is paired 
with an effective internal control system to safeguard stakeholder rights and interests. 
Operating activities of the Company are deliberated in accordance with the Regulations 
Governing Establishment of Internal Control Systems by Public Companies. In addition, 
an internal control system has been designed and faithfully implemented. This system 
is constantly reviewed in response to changes of internal and external environments 
to ensure the continued effectiveness of internal control system design and execution. 
Operational performance is enhanced through solid management mechanisms to 
facilitate achievement of sustainability goals.
In August 2020, the Board of Directors adopted a resolution to appoint the 
manager of financial department as the Chief Corporate Governance Officer to provide 
increased support to directors in the performance of duties and improve overall 
board performance. This officer assists the board in the execution of duties, provides 
required data, and arranges on-the-job training. He handles matters pertaining to 
board and shareholders' meetings pursuant to applicable laws and assists the Company 
in compliance with board and shareholders' meeting resolutions and maintenance of 
investor relations. The ranking remaining in the 21%~35% bracket of the 9th Corporate 
Governance Evaluation in 2022 clearly indicates that LOTES is at the top of the class in 
the field of corporate governance and relevant operations are effective and efficient. 
In the future, we will persist in our efforts to generate synergy effects in the field of 
corporate governance to increase stakeholder trust.
Note: For a list of the top 10 shareholders, please refer to the following webpage LOTES Official  Website/ Investor Section/
Corporate Governance/Related Information.
Ethical Corporate Governance
Sustainability Report
2022

21
Corporate Governance Process
Chief Corporate Governance Officer Implementation Results in 2022
E s t a b l i s h m e n t  a n d 
implementation of a 
compliance system that 
conforms to the corporate 
governance requirements 
of competent authorities 
such as the Taiwan Stock 
Exchange.
●Consecutive ranking of LOTES in the 21%~35% bracket of the corporate governance evaluation.
●12 hours and 27 hours of ESG-related training for Chief Corporate Governance Officer and directors, respectively.
●Advance registration of shareholders' meeting dates, preparation of meeting notices, handbooks, and minutes. 
●Formulation of board meeting agendas and notification of directors 7 days in advance, convening of meetings and provision of 
  meeting data, and distribution of meeting minutes to directors within 20 days after meetings.
●Responsibility for release of material information pertaining to major board and shareholders' meeting resolutions to ensure the 
  legality and accuracy of key contents and transaction information equality for investors.
●Provision of advanced training course information to directors and assistance to directors in the completion of training plans. 
●Assistance to independent directors, the chief internal auditor, and CPAs in regular communications to gain a clear understanding of 
  the state of internal controls and finances of the Company.
E s t a b l i s h m e n t  o f 
Remuneration and Audit 
Committees, which are 
composed of independent 
d i r e c t o r s ,  t o  e n s u r e 
effective performance of 
supervision duties, due 
execution by operating 
t e a m s ,  a n d  r e g u l a r 
reporting to the board.
Participation in the annual 
corporate governance 
evaluations for TWSE/
TPEx- listed Companies 
and regular review of 
strategies to achieve 
optimized corporate 
governance outcomes 
t h r o u g h  b e n c h m a r k 
learning.
Regular convening of 
General Shareholders' 
M e e t i n g s  t o  s h a r e 
corporate governance-
re l a te d  i n f o r m a t i o n , 
compilation of Annual 
Reports and Corporate 
Social Responsibility 
Reports, and disclosure 
of CSR and risk control-
related information on the 
corporate website.
Public announcement 
of board resolutions 
on major proposals on 
the corporate website 
to fulfill the Company's 
responsibility toward its 
shareholders.
Compliance
Functions
Evaluations
Communication
Disclosure
Ethical Corporate Governance
2022 Sustainability Report

22
Corporate Governance Evaluation Item
Implementation Status in 2022
Do a majority of the directors (including at least one 
independent director) and convener of the audit 
committee, or at least one supervisor, attend in person? 
Do attendance lists be recorded in the shareholders 
meeting minutes?
In the annual general meeting of shareholders for 2022, 
5 out of 7 directors were present, representing 71.4% of 
the total board. Among them, 2 independent directors 
attended the meeting, with one of them acting as the 
convener of the Audit Committee, accounting for 66.7% 
of all independent directors.
Do at least 2 independent directors attend each meeting 
in person?
In 2021, LOTES underwent a board election, increasing 
the number of independent directors from 2 to 3. In 2022, 
all board meetings were attended by a minimum of 2 
directors in person.
Does the Company's independent directors adhere 
to “Directions for the Implementation of Continuing 
Education for Directors and Supervisors of TWSE Listed 
and TPEx Listed Companies” and its directed hours?
LOTES's independent directors have completed the 
required continuing education hours by the end of 2022.
Does at least one of the company's internal auditor 
possess a certificate of qualification as a Certified Internal 
Auditor, Certified Information System Auditor, or Certified 
Public Accountant?
In May of 2022, LOTES's board of directors approved the 
appointment of a new Internal Audit Chief who holds 
dual certificates as an International Internal Auditor and 
an Information System Auditor.
 We also commission accounting firms to audit and attest our financial reports. 
Legally prescribed information releases are handled in an accurate and timely manner 
by designating competent personnel in charge of external disclosures. In addition, a 
spokesperson system has been established to ensure timely and appropriate disclosure 
of material information and provision of information pertaining to financial operations 
for reference by shareholders and stakeholders.    
Looking ahead, we will persist in our efforts to strengthen board operations, 
enhance information transparency, and gradually incorporate sustainable governance 
strategies into our corporate governance framework.
The Board of Directors is the highest governance body of the Company. The 
current term board is composed of seven directors (incl. three independent directors, 
accounting for 42.86% of the total number of directors) whose term of office is three 
years. It is responsible for the planning of business strategies and is fully accountable to 
the shareholders and other stakeholders. All directors faithfully discharge their duties, 
perform the duty of care of good administrators, and exercise their powers in a prudent 
manner. Pursuant to relevant provisions set forth in applicable laws and the Articles 
of Incorporation, all business operations and governance system operations and 
arrangements are subject to approval by shareholders' meeting and board resolutions. 
Our Articles of Incorporation clearly stipulate the adoption of candidate nomination 
system for director elections. Meritocratic principles are implemented through regular 
board elections. Pursuant to relevant provisions set forth in the Corporate Governance 
Best Practice Principles, managerial officers who concurrently serve as board directors 
must not exceed one-third of the total board membership. In addition, a board diversity 
policy including, but not limited to, clearly prescribed standards in the two dimensions 
of basic requirements and values and professional expertise and skills, must be adopted. 
All members of the board must possess the knowledge, skills, and experience necessary 
to perform their duties. 
Our directors possess industry-related professional competence and extensive 
practical experience and are highly familiar with the latest industry trends. LOTES 
also emphasizes gender equality in the composition of the Board of Directors, with 
a target of having a female director representation of 25% or more. Currently, out of 
the 7 directors, there are 2 female directors, representing a ratio of 29%. In 2022, the 
board convened eight times, which is in conformity to the statutory frequency of board 
meetings (at least one meeting per quarter).
3.1.1 Board Operations
Director profiles, academic and 
professional background, and 
major board resolutions in the 
respective year
Ethical Corporate Governance

23
 We have adopted Rules of Procedure for Board Meetings that clearly define 
the scope of the powers of independent directors to build a system conducive to 
highly effective board operations and sound supervisor practices and ensure the 
independence of independent directors in the performance of their duties. All directors 
exhibit a high degree of self-discipline in the implementation of recusal principles. If a 
director or a juristic person that the director represents is an interested party in relation 
to an agenda item, the director must state the important aspects of the interested party 
relationship at the respective meeting. When the relationship is likely to prejudice the 
interest of the Company, that director must not participate in discussion or voting on 
that agenda item and shall recuse himself or herself from the discussion or the voting 
on the item. The aforementioned director may also not exercise voting rights as proxy 
for another director. In addition, the Board of Directors has ratified the Self-Evaluation 
Guidelines for Board Members to enhance the quality of the board decision-making 
process. Internal assessments of the performance of the board and individual directors 
are carried out annually. The unit responsible for board meeting procedures (the 
Finance Department) distributes self-evaluation questionnaires to all board members to 
facilitate self-assessment procedures. The results of these board and individual director 
performance evaluations serve as a key reference for the selection and nomination of 
directors and determination of director compensations. Information pertaining to board 
operations is made public on the Market Observation Post System and the corporate 
website so it can be accessed by our stakeholders.
Diversity Statistics
2020
2021
2022
Number Percentage Number Percentage Number Percentage
Directors
Gender
Male
5 
83.33%
5 
71.43%
5 
71.43%
Female
1 
16.67%
2 
28.57%
2 
28.57%
Age
Under 50
3 
50.00%
4 
57.14%
4 
57.14%
50 and above
3 
50.00%
3 
42.86%
3 
42.86%
Educational 
background
Graduate school
4 
66.67%
5 
71.43%
5 
71.43%
High school or below
2 
33.33%
2 
28.57%
2 
28.57%
Diversified Core Criteria
2022 Board of Directors attendance statistics
Diversified Core Criteria
Operational 
judgement
Accounting 
and finance
Operational 
management
Crisis 
management
Industry 
knowledge
International 
knowledge
Leadership Decision 
making
Chairperson Zhu, De-Xiang
V
V
V
V
V
V
V
Director  He, De-You
V
V
V
V
V
V
V
Director  Xie, Jia-Ying
V
V
V
V
V
V
V
V
Director Qu, Jian-Zhong
V
V
V
V
V
V
V
V
Independent Director Wang, Ren-Jun
V
V
V
V
V
V
V
Independent Director Jiang, Yi-Cheng
V
V
V
V
V
V
V
Independent Director Wu, Zhang-Xiu
V
V
V
V
V
V
V
V
 Item
Name
Title
Name
Frequency of actual attendance
Actual attendance rate (%)
Chairperson
Zhu, De-Xiang
8
100%
Director
He, De-You
6
75%
Director
Xie, Jia-Ying
8
100%
Director
Qu, Jian-Zhong
7
87.50%
Independent Director
Wang, Ren-Jun
7
87.50%
Independent Director
Jiang, Yi-Cheng
8
100%
Independent Director
Wu, Zhang-Xiu
8
100%
Assessment cycle: Annual
Scope: Board of Directors, individual board members
Method: Questionnaire-based self-evaluation
The Board of Directors has an adequate understanding of the Company's 
operations and the industry it belongs to. The board engages in positive 
interactions and communications with the Company's management level 
and extensive discussions with the CPA.
The board fulfills its supervisory responsibility with regard to the internal 
control system and major resolutions of the Company by relying on its 
professional expertise and experience. On the whole, board operations were 
adequate and appropriate.
Assessment results
Ethical Corporate Governance
2022 Sustainability Report

24
We effect liability insurance with a coverage of US$ 3 million for our directors to 
implement effective risk management, increase the willingness of industry professionals 
to serve as directors, and enable directors to discharge their duties in a worry-free 
manner. Another goal is to minimize and diversify the risk of major damage to the 
Company and its shareholders caused by director mistakes or negligence.
Furthermore, in LOTES, during daily communication with stakeholders, in the event 
of any significant adverse events involving the company or stakeholders, the respective 
departments seek guidance from the Chairman of the Board. Upon the Chairperson's 
directive, a diligent investigation is conducted into the specific event or stakeholder. Once 
the due diligence investigation report is completed, it is presented to the Chairman, who 
assesses whether the circumstances of the particular case would have a significant impact 
on the company's operations. The Chairman then presents the company's response plan 
at the Board of Directors meeting. In 2022, LOTES did not experience any significant 
adverse events involving itself or stakeholders.
Among the 7 directors in LOTES, 2 of them concurrently hold senior management 
positions within the company. In the future, the composition and background experience 
of the Board of Directors in LOTES will continue to follow the current structure. The 
company currently has a pool of talented senior executives, ensuring an abundant talent 
reserve to fill any future director vacancies. As for the qualifications of independent 
directors, they are required by law to possess professional experience in business, 
legal affairs, finance, or the specific industry of the company. The selection of suitable 
successors can be carried out from professionals in the industry or academia.
In view of the wide range of legal compliance and governance practice issues that 
directors face in their decision-making processes, we take the initiative in organizing 
relevant professional training courses and actively encourage all directors to participate 
in these courses. In 2022, we offered 54 hours of advanced training (27 hours of corporate 
sustainability-related courses) for our directors. In the future, the Chief Corporate 
Governance Officer will plan the addition of ESG-related courses for directors. We 
firmly believe that the Company will thrive, prosper, and make strides toward corporate 
sustainability under the leadership of a board of directors with profound industrial 
experience that espouses ethical management practices.
Audit Committee
2022 Audit Committee attendance statistics
With a view to perfecting its supervisory and management functions, the Board of 
Directors has set up Audit and Remuneration Committees. In addition to independently 
exercising its functions and powers according to the law, these committees report to the 
Board of Directors and submit proposals for resolution by the Board of Directors.
The Audit Committee assists the Board of Directors in the supervision of the 
quality of accounting, auditing, and financial reporting processes and financial controls 
implemented by the Company. It also submits the results of its assessments to the Board 
of Directors for discussion. After ratification of the organizational charter by the Board 
of Directors, a Remuneration Committee was established under the Board of Directors. 
The Committee is composed of the independent directors of the Company with one of 
them serving as convener. At least one member must possess expertise in accounting 
or finance. The Committee convenes at least once per quarter (a total of seven meetings 
were held in 2022).
Since the establishment of the Audit Committee in August 2021, the Internal 
Auditing Officer has been reporting the implementation status of internal auditing 
operations to the Company's independent directors in Audit Committee meetings once 
or twice every half year. The Internal Auditing Officer and the Audit Committee held 
three joint meetings in 2022. In addition, the CPA is required to discuss financial reports 
with the Audit Committee once or twice half-yearly (four joint meetings were held in 
2022). In these meetings, the CPA reports the results of financial report reviews to the 
independent directors, provides detailed information on applicable laws, and exchanges 
opinions with the committee members. On the whole, communications between the 
Internal Auditing Officer and the committee have been smooth and effective.
3.1.2 Functional Committee Operations
Major resolutions of the 
Audit Committee
Title
Name
Actual attendance rate in 2022 (%)
Convener
Wu, Zhang-Xiu
100%
Member
Jiang, Yi-Cheng
100%
Member
Wang, Ren-Jun
87.51%
Ethical Corporate Governance

25
Remuneration Committee
With a view to ensuring a sound remuneration system for directors and managerial 
officers, we assess the fairness and reasonableness of business performance evaluations 
and compensations awarded to directors and managerial officers. Upon ratification of the 
organizational charter by the Board of Directors, a Remuneration Committee was set up 
under the Board of Directors. It has been stipulated that at least one independent director 
must be on the committee and a convener must be elected from among the independent 
directors by all committee members. In 2022, the Remuneration Committee which is 
currently composed of three independent directors convened a total of three times.
The main functions and powers of the Remuneration Committee include the 
development and regular review of performance and compensation systems and 
standards for directors and managerial officers and regular assessments of director and 
managerial officer compensations. The Remuneration Committee takes the following 
principles into account in its assessments: Compensation arrangements comply with 
applicable laws and regulations and are sufficient to recruit outstanding talent; director 
and managerial officer performance evaluations and compensation levels must be 
aligned with industry standards and take into account factors such as invested time, 
duties and responsibilities, the extent of personal goal achievement, performance in 
other positions, and the compensation paid to employees holding equivalent positions in 
recent years; the reasonableness of the correlation between the individual's performance 
and the Company's operational performance and future risk exposure, with respect to the 
achievement of short-term and long-term business goals and the financial position of the 
Company; no incentive for the directors or managerial officers to pursue compensation 
by engaging in activities that exceed the tolerable risk level of this Corporation; for 
directors and senior managerial officers, the percentage of remuneration to be distributed 
based on their short-term performance and the time for payment of any variable 
compensation must be decided with regard to the characteristics of the industry and the 
nature of the Company's business. According to the company's articles of incorporation, 
if LOTES generates profits in a fiscal year, it shall allocate no less than 3% as employee 
compensation and no more than 3% as director remuneration. However, in the event of 
accumulated losses, an amount should be reserved in advance for offsetting purposes, 
and then employee compensation and director remuneration shall be allocated in 
accordance with the aforementioned proportions.
Currently, LOTES does not have a direct linkage between the remuneration 
of directors and executives and the company's ESG performance. In the future, the 
implementation maturity of ESG practices within the company will be assessed to 
determine the feasibility of establishing a framework for evaluating the remuneration of 
2022 Remuneration Committee attendance statistics
Major resolutions of the 
Remuneration Committee
Title
Name
Actual attendance rate in 2022 (%)
Convener
Jiang, Yi-Cheng
100%
Member
Wang, Ren-Jun
100%
Member
Wu, Zhang-Xiu
100%
directors and executives based on ESG performance. This aims to effectively enhance 
the involvement of corporate governance entities and management in sustainable 
business practices.
In its actual operations, the Committee exercises the due care of a good 
administrator and faithfully executes its functions including formulation, development, 
and regular review of policies, systems, standards, and structures governing director and 
managerial officer performance evaluations and compensations, regular assessment 
and determination of director and managerial officer compensations, and submission of 
recommendations to the Board of Directors. 
Ethical Corporate Governance
2022 Sustainability Report

26
Auditing Process
Internal audits are conducted to assist the Board of Directors and managerial 
officers in inspections and verification of internal control system deficiencies and 
determination of operational outcomes and efficiency. Recommendations for corrective 
action are provided as a reference for reviews and revisions of the internal control 
system in a timely manner to ensure the ongoing effectiveness of the system. We have 
established an effective internal control system pursuant to the Regulations Governing 
Establishment of Internal Control Systems by Public Companies in consideration of 
the operating activities of the Company and its subsidiaries. This system is reviewed 
and improved on an ongoing basis in response to changes of the internal and external 
environment to ensure the ongoing effectiveness of internal control system design and 
operations thereof. We have also duly established an Auditing Office as an independent 
unit under the Board of Directors to ensure that auditing operations are conducted 
in an impartial and detached manner. A total of 5 dedicated auditors (one Internal 
Auditing Officer and four subordinate auditors) have been appointed for the Company 
and its subsidiaries. The Rules of Procedure for Board Meetings clearly stipulate that 
the appointment or discharge of the Internal Auditing Officer is subject to approval by 
board resolution. In addition, appointment, dismissal, evaluation and review, salary and 
compensation of internal auditors must be reported by the Internal Auditing Officer to 
the chairperson for approval pursuant to the internal approval authority chart and the 
Salary Administration Guidelines. 
In addition to self-assessments of the internal control system, the Auditing Office 
is responsible for reviews of self-inspections conducted by different units. The office 
aims to determine through document reviews whether relevant operations are carried 
out in a proper manner and relevant quality criteria have been met. The results of such 
3.1.3 Internal Audits
self-inspections are reported to the CEO and the Board of Directors. In addition, the 
Internal Auditing Officer is required to attend board meetings to deliver reports on the 
implementation status of auditing operations. He/she must also report the latest state 
of auditing and internal control operations to the Company's independent directors in 
Audit Committee meetings at least once per quarter.
Furthermore, the Auditing Office conducts annual reviews of reports on self-
assessments of the internal control system carried out by different company units and 
LOTES subsidiaries. The results of these reviews are submitted to the Board of Directors 
and the President together with reports on the status of corrective actions adopted 
to address detected internal control deficiencies and anomalies as a reference for the 
assessment of internal control system effectiveness and issuance of Internal Control 
System Statements. Finally, we schedule ongoing OTJ training for our auditors and 
ensure their participation in internal auditing seminars organized by organizations 
designated by the competent authority to enhance their professional competence 
and maintain or improve the quality of auditing operations and implementation 
performance.
Ongoing monitoring by auditors enables us to implement different operating 
systems, establish a highly effective governance practice and risk control mechanism, 
and create a business environment conducive to sustainable development. In 2022, 
Taiwan HQ and the plants in China completed internal control audits in accordance with 
the audit plan. No major anomalies were detected in these audits and corrective action 
has been completed within the prescribed time limit for all detected non-conformities. 
The Internal Auditing Officer attended board meetings as required to deliver regular 
reports on auditing results.
Formulation of annual 
audit plans
Preparation of audit reports
Reporting to the Board of 
Directors for approval
Execution of audit operations
Reports on the implementation status 
of auditing operations delivered in 
board meetings by the Internal Auditing 
Officer
Provision of recommendations, adoption 
and regular tracking of corrective action 
in coordination with different units in 
case of detection of deficiencies and 
anomalies 
Reports on the implementation status 
of internal audits and internal control 
operations submitted to independent 
directors at least once per quarter
Ethical Corporate Governance

27
3.1.4 Ethics and Integrity
Due to LOTES's strong emphasis on moral character, new hires are educated on 
integrity-related internal rules by the Management Department during the onboarding 
process. They are further required to sign a Letter of Agreement Regarding Work Ethics, 
Confidentiality Obligations, and Intellectual Property which contains ethics & integrity 
provisions and aims to raise the integrity awareness of employees. We also demand that 
the management level lead by example and strictly abide by integrity principles with the 
ultimate goal of forming an integrity-based culture in an imperceptible manner.
The Management Department is our dedicated unit for the promotion and 
implementation of ethical management policies. We have formulated integrity-related 
internal rules including Ethical Corporate Management Best Practice Principles, Procedures 
for Ethical Management and Guidelines for Conduct, Code of Ethical Conduct, and 
Guidelines for Prevention of Insider Trading, which were put into effect upon ratification by 
board resolution. These internal rules are disclosed on our corporate website so they can 
be accessed by our stakeholders. A point of contact has been established for stakeholder 
feedback and suggestions. If employees have questions on integrity-related internal 
rules, they may conduct queries on the official website or inquire with the Management 
Department via diversified channels such as e-mail and phone. In addition, we organized 
training courses on ethical management issues including acceptance of improper benefits, 
insider trading, trade secrets, and protection of intellectual property in 2022. These 
courses (a total of 306 man-hours) were attended by 204 trainees.     
We have also set up various whistleblowing channels. Stakeholders can submit 
reports via the stakeholder section on the website and the independent whistleblower 
mailbox. Whistleblowers must use their real name when submitting reports and provide 
basic information and evidence related to the reported incidents including but not limited 
to the name of the accused, location and time of the incident, and relevant circumstances 
and details. If reported incidents involve rank-and-file staff members, the department head 
must be notified. If they involve directors or senior executives, a report must be submitted 
to the independent directors. The Management Department and the department head or 
independent director who has received the report must initiate investigations immediately 
to verify the veracity of reports. Other departments must provide assistance if required. 
Investigations must be conducted in an impartial manner. Since we are firmly committed 
to protecting the whistleblower from improper treatment, his/her identity and the report 
contents must be kept strictly confidential. If it is verified that the accused has indeed 
violated applicable laws or provisions set forth in the ethical management policy or other 
internal rules of the company, the accused is ordered to stop such conduct immediately 
and adequate disciplinary measures are adopted. With a view to protecting the reputation 
and safeguarding the rights and interests of the company, incidents may be reported to 
the competent authority, referred to judicial authorities for investigation, or a claim for 
compensation may be filed in accordance with legal procedures as deemed necessary. 
Written documents pertaining to the handling of reported incidents, investigation 
procedures, and investigation results must be preserved in physical or electronic 
format for at least of five years. If litigation associated with report contents occurs 
prior to the end of the preservation period, relevant documents must be preserved 
until the conclusion of litigation. Upon verification of report contents, responsible 
units must be instructed to conduct reviews of the internal control system and relevant 
operating procedures. Corrective measures must be adopted to prevent recurrence of 
such conduct. Upon conclusion of the aforementioned procedures, the Management 
Department must submit a report on the report contents, handling methods, and 
follow-up reviews and corrective action to the Board of Directors.     
As for our commercial interactions, we explain our ethical management 
policy and applicable regulations to our transaction counterparties in the course of 
business dealings. We explicitly refuse to provide, promise, request, or accept, directly 
or indirectly, any improper benefit in whatever form or name. The Company also 
refrains from engaging in business transactions with agents, suppliers, customers, 
or other counterparties who are involved in unethical conduct. If it is detected that 
counterparties or cooperation partners have engaged in unethical conduct, it must be 
assessed if blacklisting is necessary to ensure conformity with the ethical management 
policy. Before contracts are concluded with transaction counterparties, a clear 
understanding must be gained of their ethical management status. Compliance with 
ethical management policies of both parties must be clearly stipulated in the contract. 
Relevant provisions should include, but not be limited to, the following: “When a party 
to the contract becomes aware that any personnel has violated the terms and conditions 
pertaining to prohibition of acceptance of commissions, kickbacks, or other improper 
benefits, the party shall immediately notify the other party of the violator's identity, 
the manner in which the provision, promise, request, or acceptance was made, and the 
monetary amount or other improper benefit that was provided, promised, requested, 
or accepted. The party shall also provide the other party with pertinent evidence and 
cooperate fully with the investigation. If there has been resultant damage to either party, 
the party may claim compensation from the other party and may also deduct the full 
amount of the damages from the contract price payable. Where a party is discovered 
to be engaged in unethical conduct in its commercial activities, the other party reserves 
the right to terminate or rescind the contract unconditionally at any time.” 
The Management Department submits annual reports on the implementation 
status of ethical corporate management in the preceding year to the Board of Directors. 
In 2022, there was no record of breach of ethics by LOTES employees reported through 
whistleblowing channels. There were also no instances of verified corruption involving 
the company, its employees, or business partners.
Ethical Corporate Governance
2022 Sustainability Report

28
Material Topic: Business Ethics
Significance of ethics & 
integrity for LOTES
We view integrity as our core corporate value and engage in business operations by embracing a spirit of integrity and uprightness. The Company strongly 
emphasizes on moral character, with the ultimate goal of implementing ethical corporate management concepts inside the Company.
Management approach
●Responsible department: Management Department
●Grievance mechanism: HR Manager
  ．Tel: 02-2433-1110 #105
  ．Email address: hr@lotestech.com
●Policy: Personnel adhere to the integrity-related internal rules of the Company, maintaining a record of zero violations each year.
●Specific measure:  
  ．The Management Department has formulated the Company's integrity-related rules, which were put into effect upon ratification by board resolution. 
  ．Personnel have signed an employee agreement containing integrity clauses upon joining the company.
  ．Establishment of an integrity reporting mailbox and reporting process.
  ．Conducting internal integrity training.
Assessment mechanism
●In 2022, there was no record of breach of ethics by LOTES employees.
●All newly hired personnel are required to sign an employee agreement containing integrity clauses. 
●Internal integrity courses are offered, with a total of 204 participants and a cumulative duration of 306 man-hours.
．Prohibition of unethical conduct.
．Compliance with integrity related laws and regulations.
．Prohibition of offering and acceptance of bribes.
．Misappropriation of trade secrets and infringement of trademark rights, patent 
    rights, copyrights, and other intellectual property right.
Ethical Corporate Management Best Practice Principles
Applicable to directors, managers, employees
．Prevention of conflicts of interest.
．Prevention of pursuit of personal gain.
．Confidentiality obligations.
．Fair dealing.
．Protection and appropriate use of 
    company assets.
．Compliance with applicable laws  
    and regulations.
．Encouraged reporting of illegal  
    conduct.
Code of Ethical Conduct   
Applicable to directors, managers
Ethical Corporate Governance

29
3.2 Risk Management
 In the face of an ever-changing business environment, we rely on a Risk Management Task Force, which is directly subordinate to the President, for the initiation of risk management 
related operation and planning activities. The scope of risk management encompasses the corporate governance, environmental, and social dimensions.
Risk dimensions
Coping strategies
Financial 
dimension
Interest rate 
fluctuations
The Company relies on its sound financial structure, conservative use of capital, a firm grasp of financial information by dedicated personnel, and the adoption of a conservative approach in the utilization of 
financial instruments to minimize risks associated with interest rate fluctuations.
Exchange rate 
fluctuations
●A Reduction of net positions in USD and RMB to minimize Exchange rate risks.
●Financial personnel of the Company constantly collect information on exchange rate changes and consult financial and economic information provided by  
   banks and investment institutions to maintain a real-time grasp of exchange rate developments.
●A foreign currency deposit account has been set up to adjust foreign currency positions in line with actual funding needs and exchange rate trends.
Credit risks
Dedicated personnel in charge of the setting of credit lines, loan approval, and other monitoring procedures with regard to trading counterparties have adopted appropriate measures to ensure the collection 
of overdue receivables. Collectable amounts are verified on a case-by-case basis to ensure that uncollectible receivables are listed as impairment losses in an adequate manner.
Environmental 
dimension
Environmental 
pollution
●Guangzhou Plant, Zhongshan Plant, and Suzhou Plant have implemented ISO 14064 and obtained certificates.
●Management operations are carried out in accordance with the Waste Management Regulations. The qualifications of waste treatment businesses are regularly reviewed, and  
   final processing and destinations are confirmed, to ensure proper handling of the waste generated by LOTES.
●Risk identification in the environmental dimension is conducted and a control mechanism has been adopted for potential pollution sources.
●Quarterly environmental committee meetings review the effectiveness of environmental controls.
●Applicable laws and regulations are identified to ensure compliance with all legal requirements.
Environmental 
pollution
●Water shortages caused by water rationing and rolling water cuts represent our key issues in the field of water resource management. In addition to collecting information on  
   water reservoir levels, we have established a water consumption monitoring mechanism to gain a firm grasp of water consumption trends. Water conservation measures  
   including reclaimed water usage are implemented in our daily operations.
●With a view to mitigating the impact of natural disasters, a Typhoon Emergency Center is established when a typhoon warning is issued to gain a clear grasp of the typhoon  
   direction and current conditions inside plants. In-plant typhoon warnings are issued to provide our personnel with an accurate understanding of typhoon conditions and enable  
   them to adopt precautionary measures as required and thereby minimize the impact of typhoons. In case of flooding, the Typhoon Emergency Center adopts measures to  
   eliminate risks in coordination with assigned manpower. Follow-up restoration operations are carried out after the flooding recedes.
●We have adopted the ISO 14001 Environmental Management System. 
●GHG inventories and reductions are implemented in line with energy conservation policies of the government.
●We comply with applicable laws and regulations and customer demands.
Product 
competitiveness
Market competition
●Close contact is maintained with customers to get a clear understanding of the latest demands and satisfy them in a real-time manner. Regular customer visits accompanied  
   by R&D and technical personnel are scheduled to gain a firm grasp of future customer product trends and thereby gain the ability to develop new products based on these  
   anticipated trends.
●Innovative R&D technologies and patent acquisition to ensure a global leadership position.
Social 
dimension
Occupational 
accident
Our employees are one of our most valuable assets. We are therefore committed to ensuring the safety of our work environments to prevent potential costs and risks to our employees caused by occupational 
accidents. The ISO 45001 Management System has been adopted to implement hazard identification and risk management. An Occupational Health and Safety Committee convenes on a regular basis to offer 
recommendations for health and safety policies formulated by the employer. It also deliberates, coordinates, and suggests health and safety related items. The goal is to create a climate of mutual protection 
and carefree work and ensure a record of accident-free working hours.
Excessive working 
hours of employees
●Adjustment of working hour control policies and configuration of overtime alerts in the manpower resource system.
●Recruitment is reinforced and manpower is replenished through the adoption of different methods to achieve a successive reduction of overtime hours.
●Departments are committed to training multi-skilled staff to ensure that every employee is capable of accomplishing tasks in at least two different work categories.
Relatively high 
employee turnover
●Better understanding of the voice of employees through various channels including online and offline interviews and staff meetings and timely adjustment of company policies to increase the sense of  
   belonging on the part of employees. 
●Regular organization of employee activities to achieve a perfect synthesis of labor and leisure. 
●Issuance of seniority bonuses.
Ethical Corporate Governance
2022 Sustainability Report

30
Risk dimensions
Coping strategies
Social 
dimension
Excessive working 
hours of employees
●Proactive implementation of equipment automation: The Company forges ahead with production equipment automation to cope with its manpower shortage. An Automation Center has been established  
   to integrate and share equipment automation resources of the group. Investments in equipment automation have been expanded, and machinery is utilized to reduce labor intensity and replace simple and  
   repetitive manual tasks.
●Stepped up efforts to retain employees: Enhancement of employee compensation and benefits packages, strong emphasis on employee care, and firm commitment to reducing turnover rates.
Lack of employee 
training
●Shared group lecturer resources to strengthen the company's training capabilities.
●Utilization of government and customer training resources to enrich training content and stimulate colleagues' learning interest.
Business secret protection and 
information security risks
●New hires are required to sign a Letter of Agreement Regarding Work Ethics, Confidentiality Obligations, and Intellectual Property; the Procurement Department requires all major suppliers to sign a Letter of 
   Commitment to Ethical Transactions; non-disclosure agreements are signed in accordance with customer requirements; LOTES plants in China restrict the transmission of sensitive data to external networks.
●File and equipment security management is implemented through regular system backups and reorganization to save hard drive storage space and increase system performance.
●Equipment security is ensured through implementation of access controls and data center controls, equipment and data center maintenance management, and regular review of data center security  
   measures.
●Authority management and an internal control cycle for information security have been adopted.
●A remote backup mechanism is in place.
●Information security is audited regularly by external bodies.
Management of raw material supply 
and demand risks
●In response to supply uncertainties, we develop new supply sources and switch to different countries of origin. These efforts are paired with hedging procurement to minimize the risk of disrupted supply  
   sources. 
●We utilize a freight consolidation mechanism coupled with requests to suppliers and increase of LCL shipments to decrease the risk of scattered shipments.
COVID-19 response measures
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, which 
broke out worldwide in January 2020, a 
dark cloud of uncertainty and insecurity is 
looming over the world. LOTES has instantly 
launched an epidemic prevention and 
response mechanism in consideration of the 
operational impact of the pandemic. As of 
February, top executives of each plant serve 
as conveners of an Epidemic Prevention and 
Response Task Force. Real-time monitoring 
of the latest state of the epidemic has been 
implemented. Daily supervisor meetings 
are scheduled to maintain a firm grasp of 
employee health management, availability of 
epidemic prevention supplies, supply chain 
deployment, and production and delivery 
conditions in each plant with the ultimate 
goal of ensuring that regular operations can 
be maintained or restored within the shortest 
time possible.
．A project team is established.
．Reinforced disinfection of work environments and crowd controls are 
    implemented to minimize infection risks. 
．Temperature monitoring in entrance and exit areas and decrease 
    of the number of business visits involving employees, customers, and 
   manufacturers (visitors are required to fill out the Novel Coronavirus 
    Health Declaration Card).
．Prohibition of overseas business trips.
．Provision of epidemic prevention supplies for employees.
．Provision of health and epidemic prevention related education. 
．Implementation of an employee substitute system.
．Implementation of work from home policies to minimize the risk of 
    cluster infections.
．Ongoing monitoring of epidemic information and timely adjustment 
    in line with national laws and regulations.
．Implementation of an epidemic prevention measure mechanism 
    targeted at the COVID-19 pandemic.
．Maintenance of contact with customers through video conferencing, 
   communication of epidemic prevention measures and production 
    capacities, flexible adjustment of shipping methods and times. 
．Deployment of supply chain materials.
．Disinfection measures for incoming and outgoing goods in all plants.
Employees safety management
Production continuity management
Ethical Corporate Governance

31
3.3 Legal Compliance
Material Topic: Legal Compliance
Significance of legal 
compliance for LOTES
Legal compliance is the cornerstone of corporate sustainability and a key 
prerequisite for prevention of legal violation risks and achievement of the 
goals of stable corporate growth and sustainable.
Management approach
●Responsible department: Legal Affairs, Environmental Safety
●Grievance mechanism: Employee grievance hotline, physical suggestion 
   box
●Policy/Commitment: Zero-record of operational violations.
●Establishment of a mechanism identification and management of  
    applicable laws and regulations:
   ‧Regular inventories of national and international environmental, social,  
     and economic laws.
   ‧Creation of a list of identified laws and regulations and implementation 
    of compliance reviews.
   ‧Building of a legal compliance culture: Reinforcement of law-abiding 
    concepts through employee training and education on applicable laws 
    and regulations.
●Implementation of internal control systems.
●Legal compliance is ensured through audits conducted by the Auditing 
    Office and internal audits of the management system.
   ‧Proactive responses and effective handling of submitted internal/ 
    external grievances or recommendations provided by competent 
    authorities with respect to detected deficiencies.
Assessment mechanism
No violations of applicable corporate governance, business accounting, 
environmental protection, labor rights, occupational health and safety, 
product safety, product labeling, marketing, and customer privacy laws 
were reported in 2022.
Note: "Significant violation records" refer to violations resulting in fines of NT$100,000 or more.
Strict legal compliance is a key link of corporate social responsibility and a basic 
prerequisite for sustainability. LOTES pays close attention to applicable laws with a 
potential impact on its operations and strictly abides by all local laws and regulations. 
In pursuit of sustainable development and stable business operations, the Company 
has adopted a comprehensive set of internal policies, procedures, and implementation 
plans encompassing an ex ante legal compliance system, concurrent risk management, 
and ex post internal audits and risk assessment to realize an excellent internal control 
and corporate risk management mechanism.
Legal compliance is not solely the responsibility of directors and the management 
team. All employees must develop a clearly defined compliance awareness and 
mechanism with regard to laws applicable to relevant operations. We strive to ensure 
that all corporate governance and internal operation processes conform to the latest 
laws and that the business organization, and its employees abide by all applicable 
rules and regulations with the goal of avoiding or minimizing legal risks involving 
losses caused by crimes or violations committed internally or externally. The legality 
of business activities is determined in advance through internal legal compliance 
assessments to eliminate predictable legal risks and minimize looming non-compliance 
risks. In conclusion, effective legal compliance helps prevent malpractices, saves 
manpower, time, and expenses associated with judicial inquiries, fines, litigation, and 
negative news coverage, and enhances the corporate image, which in turn attracts top-
notch independent directors, employees, and trading counterparties and creates win-
win-win outcomes for the enterprise, its shareholders, and stakeholders.
LOTES has adopted “zero penalties” as one of its KPIs in the field of corporate 
governance. With a view to ensuring a goal achievement rate of 100%, environmental 
laws and related customer demands are identified regularly every year. Legal 
amendments are monitored on a quarterly basis. We also determine the applicability 
of provisions set forth in laws and regulations and the necessity of adjustments. Where 
violations or shortcomings are detected in audits conducted by government units and 
customers, top priority is given to corrective action and countermeasures are taken to 
prevent the recurrence of similar incidents in the future.
There was no record of major legal violations in the ethical corporate governance, 
business accounting, environmental protection, labor rights, occupational health and 
safety, product safety, product labeling, marketing, and customer privacy dimensions in 
2022.
Ethical Corporate Governance
2022 Sustainability Report

32
3.4 Operational Performance
Economic performance which is a key task of the Company involves an ongoing 
pursuit of maximum profits. Since its inception, LOTES has embraced a corporate culture 
characterized by innovation, teamwork, efficiency, and devotion as it forges ahead toward 
sustainability. The Company is firmly committed to maintaining its technology leadership 
position, maximizing customer satisfaction, sharing the results of corporate growth with 
all staff members, increasing shareholder values, fulfilling it social responsibility, and 
thereby realizing ongoing achievements in the field of financial performance. 
In the face of an ever-changing external environment, the Company has made an 
all-out commitment to raising its technological standards and capabilities in the fields of 
design, processes, quality control, and testing with the goal of realizing sustained high 
growth rates. We spare no effort in the field of new product R&D and make constant 
progress toward the development of small pitch, high density connectors. Recently, we 
have stepped up our efforts and honed our analysis and development capabilities in 
the field of high-current, high-frequency connectors in anticipation of future trends and 
market demands in the high-speed connector market. With a view to expanding our 
product lines and market scope, we have successfully developed connectors required for 
high-frequency servers, automobiles, high-speed transmission devices, and the latest 
transmission interface Type-C.
In addition, we rely on excellent corporate governance practices, ongoing 
enhancement of our business structure, and supply chain integration to reduce 
production costs and increase our competitiveness. In addition to boosting the trust of 
shareholders, employees, supply chain partners, and customers, we strive to create multi-
win scenarios characterized by co-prosperity as we forge ahead toward sustainability. 
Looking ahead, we will persist in our efforts to intensify partnerships with our customers 
and implement R&D improvements for existing products in the face of a fiercely 
competitive market and a highly volatile economic environment. In addition, we adopt 
multi-pronged strategies and rely on excellent cooperative relations with world-class 
professional manufacturers to sharpen our market acumen, gain a full grasp of the latest 
product development trends, and facilitate the development of niche products. The 
ultimate goal lies in the improvement of the company's competitiveness and successful 
achievement of its operational objectives.
Significance of operational 
performance for LOTES
Our unwavering commitment to pursuing profit maximization not 
only strengthens the trust of our investors, employees, suppliers, 
and customers but also enables us to realize the goal of mutual 
benefit and prosperity and forge ahead on the path toward corporate 
sustainability.
Management approach
●Responsible department: Finance Department
●Grievance mechanism: Spokesperson and acting spokesperson,  
   investor section of the corporate website
●Short-term goals
  ‧Marketing strategy: Development of products in line with individual  
   customer demands.
  ‧Production strategy: Enhancement of manufacturing base efficiency 
   and instrument calibration capabilities, cost reduction, establishment 
   of a measurement technology system, and development of image 
   measuring technologies.
  ‧R&D strategy: Focus on the development of high-frequency and 
   high-speed transmission connectors. 
  ‧Financial planning: Establishment of close partnerships with financial 
   institutions LOTES has dealings with and optimal utilization of capital 
   market financing channels.
●Long-term goals
   ‧Marketing strategy: Globalization and brand strengthening.
   ‧Production strategy: Process enhancement and expansion of  
    automated production equipment. 
   ‧R&D strategy: Expanded development of connectors and modules 
    for communication industry, consumer electronics, and automotive 
    industry markets.
   ‧Financial planning: Reliance on multiple financing channels,  
    comprehensive capital planning, and sound financial structure.
●Competitive advantages
   ‧Rapid development of mold technology.
   ‧Possession of a diverse and extensive patent portfolio.
   ‧Strong customer base, facilitating the sales of other new products.
   ‧Vertical integration from plastic molding, stamping, and tooling to 
    mechanical components, providing a complete product line.
   ‧LOTES emphasizes self-capacity expansion and new product  
    development.
Assessment mechanism
●The revenue in 2022 reached NT$27,099,134 thousand, representing 
a growth of 27% compared to the previous year.
●The earnings per share in 2022 were NT$58.7.
●No record of complaints regarding financial performance lodged by 
investor in 2022.
Ethical Corporate Governance

33
Past Operational Performance
Unit: 1000 NTD
Unit: 1000 NTD
Unit: 1000 NTD, %
Unit: 1000 NTD, %
Unit: 1000 NTD, %
Unit: 1000 NTD
Item
2020
2021
2022
Revenue (A)
17,291,332
21,391,917
27,099,134
Operating costs (B)
10,361,137
12,834,611
15,161,454
Employee remuneration and welfare (C)
288,572
330,924
424,655
Payment to the investors (D)
1105127
   1,404,560 
  1,750,755 
Payment to the government (E)
834,413
   1,021,167 
  1,782,115 
Community investment (F)
---　
1,871　
2,972　
Economic value retained
(A-B-C-D-E-F)
4,702,083　
5,798,784　
7,977,183　
Revenue
Major product categories and sales mix in 2022
Sales volume in key regions
Percentages accounted for by key regions
Economic value retained
Note: Connectors include connecting cables.
Ethical Corporate Governance
17,291,332
21,391,917
27,099,134
2020
2021
2022
2020
2021
2022
4,702,083
5,798,7845
,798,784
2022 Sustainability Report

34
Material topic: R&D technologies
R&D policy
3.5 Product advantages and 
       customer relationships
3.5.1 Product advantages
3.5.1.1 Green design
Creative provision of high-quality, hazardous-substance-free products 
by relying on professional technical teams coupled with ongoing 
refinement of management processes and product quality, to achieve 
customer satisfaction and mitigate the risk of regulatory non-
compliance.
●Responsible department: R&D/QA.
●Grievance mechanism: Customer complaint channels, project 
   meetings, e-mail.
●The Company has adopted different management mechanisms 
  including the ISO 9001, ISO 45001, ISO 14001, and QC 080000 
  requirements. R&D process controls and ongoing improvements are 
  implemented in the fields of design quality, production quality, 
  worker safety, green products, energy conservation, and safe in line 
  with stakeholder expectations.
●Active commitment to injecting R&D resources to expand product 
  lines and market size.
●Annual management of R&D project KPI.
●Review meetings for every project convened by project leaders.
●Total R&D expenditures of NT$ 2,300,779,000 in 2022 accounted for 
  8.52% of total revenues.
●No incidents of products violating regulations or customer safety 
   requirements in 2022.
The impact of product safety and responsibility on LOTES
Management Approach
Assessment Mechanism
Performance in the respective year
A corporate culture characterized by innovation, teamwork, efficiency, and devotion as well as 
customer satisfaction, pursuit of shared benefits for all, and fulfillment of our corporate responsibility 
represent the cornerstones of our R&D policy. We are fully committed to the following goals:
LOTES digitized green product management assessment system is in place for all products and 
the whole design and development process is run by green, eco-friendly concepts. The design process 
sequence is as follows: Design and development planning (customer demands in the field of environmental 
protection) →Input →Output →Review →Validation →Confirmation →Modification. XRF, ICP, and GC-MS 
testing and experiments are conducted for every design process by internal or external qualified bodies to 
ensure conformity with national and international legal 
requirements in the field of environmental protection. 
We have adopted Management Norms and Regulations 
for Environmentally Controlled Substances GSQS-
BF-DQ-0032. All products conform to these norms 
and standards and timely updates are implemented 
in accordance with applicable laws and customer 
demands.
Directive 2011/65/EU on the restriction of the 
use of certain hazardous substances in electrical and 
electronic equipment (RoHS 2.0 Directive): All LOTES 
Products fully conform to the standardized limits for 
hazardous substances. No products were recalled 
due to non-conformity with environmental standards. 
With regard to exemption periods which are about to 
expire, we engage in planning and search for substitute 
materials in cooperation with our suppliers.
Ethical Corporate Governance

35
LOTES Standards for Restricted Substances
Phthalates control
Restricted Substances（RoHS 2.0）
International Maximum Levels
LOTES Standards
Lead 
≦ 0.1 %(1000ppm)
Metallic materials<50 ppm
Other banned materials
Cadmium 
≦ 0.01 %(100ppm)
Metallic materials<300ppm
Other materials<30ppm
Mercury 
≦ 0.1 %(1000ppm)
Banned
Hexavalent Chromium 
≦ 0.1 %(1000ppm)
Banned
PBBs
≦ 0.1 %(1000ppm)
Banned
PBDEs
≦ 0.1 %(1000ppm)
Banned
DEHP
≦ 0.1 %(1000ppm)
BBP+ DEHP+ DBP<1000 
ppm
BBP
≦ 0.1 %(1000ppm)
DBP
≦ 0.1 %(1000ppm)
DIBP
≦ 0.1 %(1000ppm)
Banned
These substances mimic environmental hormones and their biotoxicity results 
from their estrogen-like and antiandrogen effects, which cause endocrine imbalances 
and inhibit the reproductive functions in organisms. With a view to minimizing hazards 
for the global environment and the human body, LOTES has started to ban the use of the 
following Phthalates in all its processes starting from the design and development stage:
Other aspects of green design
LOTES, as a world-renowned manufacturer of connectors not only strictly abides 
by RoHS, HF, and WEEE environmental standards but also adopts radiation-free and 
non-ozone depleting technologies and proposals for its production and product design 
processes to make a humble contribution to human society and the environment.
Proactive implementation of halogen-free processes
Organic halogen compounds ranging from freon to persistent organic pollutants 
and PVC to brominated flame retardants pose an increasingly serious hazard to the 
human body and the natural environment. Halogen restrictions are set forth in the EU 
RoHS1.0 Directive (2002/95/EC – Controls of Brominated Flame Retardants (PBBs、
PBDEs), POPs Directive, and the REACH regulations. In line with international halogen-
free trends, Br and C1 have been included in the controls. As of 2020, over 50% of all 
LOTES products conform to HF requirements. Promotion of halogen-free processes is 
continued.
Phthalate substances
Control value
DnPP 
Banned
DnOP 
Banned
DINP 
Banned
DIDP
Banned
HBCDD    
Banned
Halogen
Control value
Bromine (Br) from BFRs
≦ 0.07 %(700ppm)
Chlorine (Cl) from CFRs or PVC or PVC copolymer
≦ 0.07 %(700ppm)
Bromine (Br) and Chlorine (Cl) from above
≦ 0.09 %(900ppm)
3.5.1.2 Green supply and production
While making strides toward environmental sustainability, LOTES also closely 
monitors progress of its suppliers in the environmental and social dimensions of 
corporate social responsibility. We strive to join hands with our supply chain partners 
in the gradual formation of a socially responsible, green supply chain system through 
supplier management.
After passing the IECQ HSPM QC 080000 - System Certification in 2008, LOTES 
started to press ahead with green procurement requirements for its downstream 
suppliers in line with international environmental requirements.
Our management procedures for environmentally controlled substances can be 
described as follows (full compliance with RoHS, HF, color differentiation for non-HF 
systems, SCM supplier raw material management system, and third-party reports in 
one-year intervals):
1.During the product evaluation stage, the engineering and procurement departments 
   request suppliers to submit a third-party environmental testing report for supplied 
    materials that conforms to relevant requirements.
2.Establishment of a process HSF identification and management system encompassing 
   process auxiliary material and jig management.
3.Sample testing is carried out internally prior to warehousing of raw materials during 
   production processes, and during the OQC and shipping stage.
4.An HSF management system has been adopted for material suppliers to implement 
   source management.
5.Implementation of HSF risk management for the whole product cycle.
  No HSF anomalies were detected in the Company's products in 2022 
  and no complaints related to HSF anomalies were received from customers or 
  competent authorities.
Ethical Corporate Governance
2022 Sustainability Report

36
3.5.1.3 Intellectual Property Management
New product development, technological advances, and patent acquisition 
to protect intellectual property rights (IPR) are areas of vital importance to 
electronic connector manufacturers. We place strong emphasis on product 
development which includes internal design and development and products 
developed in cooperation with customers by relying on our outstanding R&D 
team. We apply for patents for these technologies to protect our product 
competitiveness and prevent plagiarism by competitors. As of the end of 2022 we 
have been awarded over 1800 patents in Taiwan, China, and the US. The number 
of granted patents is steadily increasing. With a view to enhancing IPR-related 
competencies of our employees, we organize two IPR-related training courses per 
year for R&D personnel and members of the Legal & Intellectual Property Office. 
The goal is to raise IP protection awareness and strengthen relevant capabilities. 
The Company has also adopted Patent Incentive Guidelines to motivate all staff 
members to actively embrace innovation and apply for patents with the goal of 
raising the Company's competitiveness. Incorporation of company patents (incl. 
patent applications) into relevant standards of connector industry associations is 
actively recommended. The ultimate goal is to reward employee innovation and 
recognize contributions to the Company's intellectual property.
Trade secrets represent the cornerstone of our product competitiveness and 
continued revenue growth. Transaction security, on the other hand, is a key prerequisite 
for earning the trust of our customers and supply chain partners. 
We have therefore set up a Legal & Intellectual Property Office, which is 
responsible for the formulation and implementation of Management, Preservation, 
and Confidentiality Procedures for the Company's intellectual property including trade 
secrets, trademarks, patents, and copyrights. Implementation results are reviewed on 
a regular basis to ensure effective compliance with relevant operating procedures by 
employees in the discharge of their duties. Staff members are reminded to fully observe 
applicable regulations and refrain from the disclosure of trade secrets, trademarks, 
patents, and copyrights they are privy to due to their position in the Company to 
third parties through official announcements as required. They must further refrain 
from collecting information or inquiring about trade secrets, trademarks, patents, and 
copyrights unrelated to their duties in the Company.
To strengthen employees' competence in intellectual property (IP) matters, LOTES 
arranges two IP-related education and training sessions for R&D and legal IP personnel 
each year as planned. This aims to enhance LOTES awareness and capabilities in IP 
protection.
The company has also established an independent reporting channel and follow-
up investigation procedures. Through periodic audits and spot checks on employees' 
job performance, LOTES ensures the protection of the company's trade secrets and 
customer information. There were no records of business confidential information or 
customer data leakage or loss in 2022.
3.5.1.4 R&D achievements
LOTES' innovation-centered corporate culture involves a high emphasis on 
product development and real-time provision of innovative services to satisfy the 
demands of all customers. Total R&D expenses amounted to NT$ 2,300,779,000 
in 2022, accounting for 8.52% of the Company's revenues.
R&D Achievements in 2022
Socket for Intel's next-generation multi-core high-frequency server CPU (LGA 4710)
Socket for Intel's next-generation desktop high-speed CPU processor(LGA 1851 SOCKET)
Ultra-high-speed random access memory (SO DDR5(NB)
Next-generation high-speed serial bus M.2 (PCIE GEN 5 specification)
3.5.2 Protection of Trade Secrets and Transaction Security
Management 
Approach
●Responsible department: Legal & Intellectual Property Office.
●Grievance mechanism: Internal mailbox, corporate website/stakeholder point of 
    contact
●Policies and Goals: Guarantee of non-disclosure of LOTES and customer trade  
   secrets.
●Management Practices:
  ‧Upon their report to duty, new employees will sign work-ethic non-disclosure 
   and intellectual property exclusive ownership agreement.  
 ‧Department of Procurement requests raw material suppliers to sign“Honest  
  Transaction Commitment”: and related non-disclosure documents are signed in 
  response to client's request. 
 ‧Through internal requirements and guidelines such as Guidelines for Ethical  
  Conduct, Integrity Operation Procedures and Code of Conduct, repeated 
  communications are made to educate employees that they are obligated to keep 
  the Company's business confidential. This is also included into annual internal  
  control operation items. 
 ‧An independent report channel is established for stakeholders to utilize  
  accordingly.
Assessment 
Mechanism
●No incidents reported via the whistleblowing mailbox in 2022.
●No record of trade secret or customer information loss or disclosure in 2022.
Ethical Corporate Governance

37
3.5.3 Customer Relations
Material topic: Customer Service
Impact of Customer 
Service on LOTES
Customers are crucial for LOTES's sustained profitability. LOTES maintains 
long-term stable relationships with its customers, and good customer 
service positively enhances the company's product market revenue.
Management 
Approach
●Responsible Department: Sales Department
●Complaint Mechanism: Senior Vice President and Acting  
   Spokesperson
‧Phone: +886-2-24331110 Ext. 300
‧Email: sales@lotestech.com
●Policy: Meet customer needs and maintain long-term cooperation.
●Specific Actions:
Manage customer relationships through customer satisfaction surveys 
and handling of customer complaints, and continuously improve based on 
customer feedback.
Assessment 
Mechanism
●No breaches or leaks of customer privacy in 2022.
●No customer complaints related to violations of customer contracts 
   or product regulations in 2022.
●Customer satisfaction survey scores have consistently been above 92 
   points for the past 3 years.
The quality of connector products has a decisive impact on signal transmissions 
between electronic devices. Customers therefore have clearly defined standards and 
quality requirements in place for suppliers. Our customer base includes renowned 
international manufacturers of information and communication electronics, which 
enhances the international competitiveness of our products and serves as a catalyst for 
the consolidation of our position in the industry. In addition to maintaining our deep 
commitment to existing customers, we strive to establish a more diversified customer base 
which includes a wide range of application product providers and thereby stabilize our 
operating revenue sources. The ultimate goal is to give our products a more international 
and cross-industry character and thereby increase our market development capabilities.
We have set up a dedicated project team which is in charge of the formulation 
of customer communication, order processing, technical support, customer complaint 
processing, and after-sale service procedures in accordance with the requirements of 
the ISO 9001 Quality Management System with the goal of enhancing the quality of 
professional services in all dimensions and thereby winning customer trust and realizing 
permanent profitability.
In order to objectively collect customer feedback, we have established a customer 
satisfaction survey management mechanism. Every year, we use questionnaires to 
conduct satisfaction surveys among our existing customers. After the survey is conducted, 
LOTES compiles the customer satisfaction survey scores and feedback suggestions, 
and communicates them to relevant departments and senior executives. Based on 
the results of the customer satisfaction survey, we review the customer feedback to 
identify opportunities for improvement and address significant concerns. We respond to 
customers by phone or in-person visits, demonstrating a responsible attitude by providing 
improvement strategies. We strive to continuously enhance the quality of our products 
and services, ensuring that customer needs are understood and met.
Customer Satisfaction Levels
Ethical Corporate Governance
2022 Sustainability Report

38
3.6 Information Security
Material topic: Information Security
Information security incidents tend to cause operational disruptions and information leakage. In 
a highly informatized society, information security is an inevitable issue.
●Responsible department: IT Department.
●Grievance mechanism: IT service hotline, e-mail.
●Formation of Information Security Task Forces to implement information security planning and  
    maintenance.
●Completion of database inventories and backups (incl. remote backups) to ensure the feasibility 
    of disaster recovery
●Annual vulnerability scanning and recovery drills conducted for information systems
●Optimization of the ERP system.
●Review of information security performance in the context of annual information security work  
    meetings.
●Audits and supervision of information security operations by auditors.
●Delivery of annual reports on information security implementation results to the Board of 
    Directors.
●Zero information security incidents in 2022.
●No non-conformities detected in the information security audit completed in 202 (the audit  
    results indicate that information security protection capabilities and installations are sound and 
    under control.)
Significance of information security for LOTES
Management Approach
Assessment Mechanism
Performance in the respective year
The advent of the exploding information age not only generates benefits such as 
increased convenience but is also accompanied by unpredictable security risks, which 
can result in IT network paralysis, disruption of operations, and material losses for 
the Company and its stakeholders. The information security responsibility unit of our 
company is the Information Department. The department consists of four information 
supervisors and several professional information personnel. They are responsible 
for formulating internal information security policies, planning and implementing 
information security operations, promoting and implementing information security 
policies, and regularly reporting the company's information security governance 
overview to the board of directors.
We have audit personnel overseeing the supervision of information security. They 
are responsible for auditing and supervising the implementation of internal information 
security. If any deficiencies are found during the audit, the audited units are immediately 
requested to submit relevant improvement plans and specific actions. The effectiveness 
of the improvements is regularly monitored to reduce internal information security risks.
Ethical Corporate Governance

39
Information Security Policy
Information Security Management Plan
Resources Invested in 2022
To enhance information security management, the Information Department of our company is responsible for the operation, supervision, and auditing of information security, as 
well as reporting on the status of information security governance to the board of directors. The scope of coverage includes the following:
Information Security Technology: Implementing information security management equipment to enhance multi-layered defense.
Policies and Procedures: Establishing company information security policies and procedures to regulate personnel's information security behavior.
Employee Awareness: Conducting information security education and training exercises to enhance the awareness of all employees.
Data Backup Management: Implementing measures for system disaster recovery and database backup management.
Information Security Technology: Our company has implemented various security protection systems to prevent external security threats and enhance the 
overall security of the information environment. Additionally, regular vulnerability scanning is conducted on the servers, and personnel information security 
management measures are implemented.
Policies and Procedures: Compliance with the company's information security policy is required, along with necessary system updates, installation of antivirus 
software, non-disclosure of passwords to external parties, and regular updates to effectively prevent computer viruses, Trojan programs, and malicious software, 
providing frontline security protection.
Employee Training: Regular and ad hoc information security education training/exercises, establishment of a reward and punishment system for risk-related 
behaviors, and periodic announcements and promotion based on current events to enhance the information security awareness of all employees.
Data Backup Management: Important data is backed up at least three times, using two different backup methods, with one copy stored in an off-site data center.
Upgrading network hardware equipment, including firewalls, email antivirus, spam filtering, web behavior analysis, and network management switches.
Strengthening software systems, including endpoint protection systems, backup management software, VPN authentication, and encryption software.
Human resources investment: Daily system status checks, weekly scheduled backups and off-site storage, biannual information security awareness education 
courses, annual system disaster recovery exercises, internal audits of information circulation, and audits by accountants.
Information security personnel: One information security staff member is assigned, responsible for the design of information security architecture, security 
operations and monitoring, incident response and investigation, and review and revision of information security policies.
Ethical Corporate Governance
2022 Sustainability Report

4
chapter
Environmental Sustainability
4.1 Energy Resource Management
4.2 Waste Management
4.3 Supply Chain Management
4.4 Climate Change Management

41
Environmental Sustainability
04 Environmental Sustainability
Material topic: Energy Resource Management, GHG emissions
Extreme climate patterns caused by greenhouse gases represent a serious environmental challenge 
facing the globe. LOTES is not a major energy user, but, as a member of the global community, 
we view GHG reductions as a joint objective of all enterprises. In addition to the adoption of ISO 
14064 GHG Inventories by all LOTES plants, SGS audits are carried out by independent, third-
party certification bodies on an annual basis. The goal is to gain a better understanding of current 
conditions and trends and facilitate early responses through inventories and external verification. 
Ongoing estimates of greenhouse gases generated by the Company's energy consumption serve 
as a key reference for follow-up efforts in the field of energy conservation and carbon reduction.
●Responsible department：EHS
●Grievance mechanism： Physical suggestion box, e-mail.
●Provision of salaries and benefits packages superior to legal requirements.
●Adoption of ISO 14064 GHG Inventories by plants and confirmation of the validity of inventories  
   through third-party.
●Pursuit of energy conservation and carbon reduction projects, adoption of solar power, and  
   implementation of clean energy.
●Annual meetings of the Environmental Committee for the review of GHG inventory results and  
    results of reduction goals and initiatives.
●Annual third-party verification of GHG inventories.
●Energy conservation initiatives implemented by the Guangzhou Plant in 2022 resulted in power  
   savings of 33,361.66GJ and carbon reductions of 5,384.20 metric tons CO2e, respectively.
●Power savings and carbon reductions of the Zhongshan Plant in 2022 amounted to 3,456.88GJ  
   and 557.90 metric tons CO2e, respectively.
●Solar power generation of the Suzhou Plant in 2022 reached 3,481.22GJ.
Significance of GHG emissions and Energy Resource Management  for LOTES
Management Approach
Assessment Mechanism
Performance in the respective year
In line with the Company's pursuit of balanced development and sustainability, 
the President has signed a safety, health, and environmental protection policy as a 
formal declaration of its determination to protect the environment and safeguard 
community safety. LOTES requires its employees to hone their professionalism and has 
made an ongoing commitment to creating eco-friendly products that are beneficial to 
society with on the firm foundation of safety, health, and environmental protection as 
the guiding principle for its continued pursuit of sustainability. As of 2022, LOTES (Suzhou 
Plant, Guangzhou Plant, and Zhongshan Plant ) maintains effective operations of its 
ISO 14001 Environmental Management System in all its plants and undergoes regular 
annual audits by accreditation bodies and the EHS committee. Deficiencies detected 
in EHS audits are listed as top priorities for corrective action. Ongoing improvements 
are implemented through the PDCA cycle to uphold the spirit of legal conformity and 
continuing enhancement of the EHS management system.
Safety 
guarantee
Ongoing 
improvements
Environmental 
protection
Our EHS
policies
Risk 
management
Legal 
compliance
Pollution 
prevention
2022 Sustainability Report

42
Environmental Sustainability
Our approaches
Carbon reduction
Waste reduction and garbage 
sorting
Industrial waste
Green procurement
Green products
Emergency 
response measures
●Implementation of process improvements during manufacturing processes to achieve optimal energy effectiveness and carbon reduction effects; incorporation of gradual decrease of carbon  
   energy effectiveness and carbon reduction effects; incorporation of gradual decrease of carbon citizen.
●All-out implementation of ISO 14064-1 GHG inventories in all plant areas and setting of carbon reduction goals.
●AC temperature setting of 26° C to lower carbon emissions.
●By utilizing renewable energy and implementing energy-saving projects, we achieve energy conservation and carbon reduction.
●IPromotion of garbage sorting, setting up of resource recycling bins to achieve waste reduction.
●Promotion of complete elimination of disposable tableware to reduce domestic waste
●Implementing water resource recycling and reuse to enhance water resource utilization efficiency.
●Industrial waste generated by the Company is controlled in accordance with the Company's management guidelines; sorting and storage are carried out in accordance  
   with the chemical proper ties of the generated waste before qualified waste disposal businesses are commissioned.
●Recycling waste to reduce environmental impact.
●Pledge to provide products that are free of REACH Substances of Very High Concern announced by ECHA (European Chemicals Agency).
●Strict compliance with the EU RoHS (Restriction of Hazardous Substances) regulations and promotion of green procurement management; in addition to requiring suppliers to provide  
   materials free of hazardous substances, the Company refrains from utilizing raw materials that contain hazardous chemicals in its manufacturing processes.
LOTES has the following comprehensive management procedures in place for environmentally controlled substances:
●Full compliance with RoHS, HF, color differentiation for non-HF systems, the SCM supplier raw material management system, and third-party reports in one-year intervals.
●During the product evaluation stage, the engineering and procurement departments request suppliers to submit a third-party environmental testing report for supplied materials that   
   conforms to relevant requirements.
●Sample testing for environmental impacts is carried out internally prior to warehousing of raw materials, during production processes, and during the OQC and shipping stage.
●An HSF (hazardous substance free) management system has been adopted for material suppliers to advance risk control and management.
●No complaints on HSF anomalies have been filed since 2022.
●All LOTES plants have emergency response plans and Emergency Response Command Centers in place. The formation of Emergency Response Task Forces in charge of emergency 
response and handling procedures is planned to ensure optimal handling of emergencies. Emergency response training and fire safety drills are organized on a semiannual basis. New 
hires are required to familiarize themselves with fire extinguisher operations. Emergency response and safety self-management skills are enhanced through participation in simulated 
exercises conducted by the drill task force. The goal is to ensure the immediate adoption of adequate response measures prior to the spreading of disasters and thereby minimize impacts 
and casualties caused by such crises.
●Fire safety, evacuation, and first aid training is provided in cooperation with the fire brigade.

43
Environmental Sustainability
4.1 Energy Resource Management
 LOTES places high emphasis on energy resource management to prevent unnecessary waste and make a contribution to preserving limited global energy resources. Natural gas, 
water, electricity, and Diesel represent the Company's main energy sources. Due to the nature of office operations, the energy consumption at the headquarters has a relatively smaller 
impact compared to the factory side. Therefore, it will not be disclosed for this fiscal year. The disclosure will be made after implementing the ISO 14064-1 greenhouse gas inventory. In 
2022, the renewable energy consumption at the Suzhou, Guangzhou, and Zhongshan factories was 37,275.34 GJ, the non-renewable energy consumption was 197,836.45 GJ, and the total 
energy consumption was 235,111.79 GJ. The energy intensity was 8.68 GJ per million in revenue.
In 2022, Guangzhou Plant purchased 
8,984 green certificates, with a renewable energy 
electricity consumption of 32,342.4 GJ. Zhongshan 
Plant generated 1,451.72 GJ of solar power. Suzhou 
Plant generated 3,481.22 GJ of solar power. The 
total renewable energy consumption amounted 
to 37,275.34 GJ, accounting for 15.85% of the total 
energy usage.
LOTES - Guangzhou Plant Non-renewable Energy statistics
Non-renewable energy intensity in 2022
Renewable Energy
LOTES - Zhongshan Plant Non-renewable Energy statistics
LOTES - Suzhou Plant Non-renewable Energy statistics
Note: The use of Diesel for power generation in response to the power rationing policy in 2021 resulted in a substantial increase of Diesel 
consumption.
Note: This is the first disclosure of non-renewable energy statistics in this report for the year 2021. There is no historical data available.
Note: The heating values referenced in this report are based on the Environmental Protection Administration of Taiwan's Greenhouse Gas Emission 
Coefficient Management Table 6.0.4. The heating value for diesel is 8,400 kcal per liter, for liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) is 6,635 kcal per liter, 
for gasoline is 7,800 kcal per liter, and for natural gas is 8,000 kcal per cubic meter. One kcal is equivalent to 4,186 J (joules), and one kilowatt-
hour (kWh) is equivalent to 3,600 kJ. 1 GJ (gigajoule) equals 1 * 10^9 joules.
Note: Consolidated revenue for the year 2022 was 27,099 million NT dollars.
Unit: GJ
Unit: GJ
Unit: GJ
Year
Electricity
Diesel
Gasoline
Natural gas
LPG
Total
2020
163,085
6,336.58
1,418.35
4,393.89
432.22
175,666.05
2021
178,021
20,310.50
1,307.94
4,468.61
464.85
204,572.90
2022
121,876
9,108.37
1,255.68
4,262.91
319.70
136,822.66
Plant
Total non-renewable 
energy consumption (GJ)
Energy intensity
(GJ per million revenue)
Suzhou
33,548.05
1.24 
Guangzhou
136,822.66
5.05 
Zhongshan
27,465.74
1.01 
Total
197,836.45
7.30 
Year　
Electricity
Diesel
Gasoline
Natural gas
Total
2021
18,358.19 
1046.74 
0
27487.08 
20,325.42 
2022
26,514.21 
507.55 
191.36 
7543.77 
27,465.74 
　Year
Electricity (GJ)
Gasoline (kg)
Diesel (kg)
Natural gas (m3)
Total
2020
32,562.42 
265.13
287.53
486.83
33,601.89
2021
34,026.90 
469.96
328.34
430.83
35,256.03
2022
31,111.61 
224.94
252.19
1,959.32
33,548.05
2022 Sustainability Report

44
Environmental Sustainability
The main direct emission sources owned or controlled by the Company are natural 
gas, Diesel, and gasoline.
The Company's indirect GHG emissions mainly result from purchased electricity. 
Power is consumed by process equipment, office areas, and public areas. 
Other indirect emissions (Scope 3) are a consequence of the plants' activities, but 
occur from sources owned or controlled by other companies/units. Qualitative listing of 
other indirect GHG emissions includes the following:
a.Commissioned disposal and incineration of waste; emissions are generated 
by collection and disposal vehicles and incineration equipment of the 
commissioned business.
b.Commissioned sewage treatment.
c.Employee business trips.
d.Employee commutes.
In 2021, the Guangzhou and Zhongshan Plants incorporated other indirect 
emissions (Scope 3) into their inventories. Suzhou Plant was also included starting from 
the 2022.
GHG emission policy
LOTES-Suzhou Plant 2020~2022 Emission equivalent statistics broken 
down by emission source categories
LOTES-Guangzhou Plant 2020~2022 Emission equivalent statistics broken 
down by emission source categories
Direct GHG emissions (Scope 1)
Energy Indirect (Scope 2) and other indirect GHG emissions (Scope 3)
Note: GHG emissions have been verified and certified by China Inspection and Certification Group Jiangsu Co., Ltd., and a verification 
statement has been issued. The global warming potential (GWP) is based on the Fifth Assessment Report of the IPCC. The baseline 
emission factor for the Chinese regional grid in 2022 is 0.5810 tCO2/MWh.
Note: GHG emissions have been verified and certified by SGS, a third-party organization, and a verification statement has been issued. The 
disclosure is based on the results of the verification. For more details, please visit our official website at https://www.lotes.cc/zh-tw/
responsibility.php#surroundings.
4.1.1 GHG Management
Energy
conservation, 
carbon
reduction
sustainable 
planet
Emission source categories
Scope 1
Scope 2
Scope 3
Total emission
equivalent
Direct emissions
Energy indirect Other emissions
2022
Emission equivalent
(Metric tons CO2e/year)
 944.31
5019.68
838.97
6802.98
Ratio (％)
13.88
73.79
12.33
100.00
2021
Emission equivalent
(Metric tons CO2e/year)
232.4
7,486.86
--
7,719.26
Ratio (％)
3.01
96.99
--
100.00
2020
Emission equivalent
(Metric tons CO2e/year)
201.65
7,277.70
--
7,479.35
Ratio (％)
2.71
97.29
--
100.00
Emission source categories
Scope 1
Scope 2
Scope 3
Total emission
equivalent
Direct emissions
Energy indirect
Other emissions
2022
Emission equivalent
(Metric tons CO2e/year)
1,747.17
19,307.21
44,133.31
65,187.69
Ratio (％)
2.68
29.62
67.70
100.00
2021
Emission equivalent
(Metric tons CO2e/year)
2,859.20
39,767.97
66,638.71
109,265.88
Ratio (％)
2.62
36.40
60.98
100.00
2020
Emission equivalent
(Metric tons CO2e/year)
1,844.94
36,431.41
NA
38,276.35
Ratio (％)
4.82
95.18
NA
100.00

45
Environmental Sustainability
Greenhouse Gas Emission Intensity
Note: GHG emissions have been verified and certified by SGS, a third-party organization, and a verification statement has been 
issued. The disclosure is based on the results of the verification. For more details, please visit our official website at 
https://www.lotes.cc/zh-tw/responsibility.php#surroundings.
Note: Consolidated revenue for the year 2022 was 27,099 million NT dollars.
Emission source categories
Scope 1
Scope 2
Scope 3
Total emission
equivalent
Direct emissions
Energy indirect Other emissions
2022
Emission equivalent
(Metric tons CO2e/year)
695.45
15,106.97
42,493.54
58,295.96
Ratio (％)
1.20
25.91
72.89
100.00
2021
Emission equivalent
(Metric tons CO2e/year)
4,620.96
14,763.66
21,678.84
41,063.46
Ratio (％)
11.25
35.95
52.80
100.00
Plant
Total emissions (tCO2e)
Emissions intensity
 (tCO2e per million revenue)
Suzhou
6,851.19
0.25 
Guangzhou
65,187.69 
2.41 
Zhongshan
58,295.96
2.15 
Total
130,334.84
4.81 
4.1.2 Energy Conservation, Carbon Reduction,  
         and Pollution Control
4.1.2.1 Sewage Treatment
Running water is the only water source of the Company and its plants. Production 
processes of the Guangzhou Plant & Zhongshan Plant do not require any water. 
The plant therefore does not discharge any industrial wastewater. The main wastewater 
source is domestic and kitchen sewage which has very little impact on the environment. 
After oil-water separation treatment, kitchen sewage is pre-treated together with 
domestic sewage to ensure conformity to local effluent standards. Regular monitoring 
of discharged sewage is implemented to guarantee that the water quality requirements 
of sewage treatment plants are met. 
  
Channeling 
to the 
municipal 
sewage 
treatment 
plant
Domestic 
wastewater
Simple tertiary 
treatment
Kitchen 
wastewater
Simple tertiary 
treatment
LOTES-Zhongshan Plant 2021~2022 Emission equivalent statistics broken 
down by emission source categories
2022 Sustainability Report

46
Environmental Sustainability
Guangzhou Plant's domestic sewage quality testing
Zhongshan Plant's domestic sewage quality testing
Note: AAO technology which is utilized for the treatment of secondary and tertiary sewage and receipt and use of 
reclaimed water has excellent nitrogen and phosphorus removal effects.
No wastewater discharge is generated in production processes of the Suzhou 
Plant. The main wastewater source is domestic and kitchen sewage which has 
very little impact on the environment. With a view to meeting the environmental 
standards of the Taihu Lake Basin, the plant has installed domestic sewage pre-
treatment facilities and utilizes AAO technology to ensure conformity of the treated 
domestic sewage to the effluent standards of the local sewage treatment plants 
before it is discharged into municipal sewage conduits. Final treatment is carried 
out by local sewage treatment plants. Domestic sewage of the Suzhou Plant is 
channeled to the Caohu Sewage Plant (a sewage discharge agreement has been 
signed).
Suzhou Plant's domestic sewage quality testing

47
Environmental Sustainability
4.1.2.2 Waste Gas Pollution Control
The main air pollutants produced by the Guangzhou Plant and Zhongshan Plant are 
cooking oil fumes, non-methane hydrocarbons generated in injection molding processes, 
and dust generated in processed metal grinding processes. The aforementioned polluting 
waste gases are treated before being released into the atmosphere. Qualified units are 
commissioned twice a year to monitor waste gas processing by the plant and thereby 
ensure conformity to national and local emission standards. 
The main air pollutants produced by the Suzhou Plant are cooking oil fumes, non-
methane hydrocarbons generated in injection molding processes, and dust generated in 
processed metal grinding processes. The aforementioned polluting waste gases are treated 
before being released into the atmosphere. Qualified units are commissioned once a year 
to monitor waste gas processing by the plant and thereby ensure conformity to national 
and local emission standards.
Suzhou Plant's waste gas testing report:
2022 Sustainability Report

48
Environmental Sustainability

49
Environmental Sustainability
Guangzhou Plant's waste gas testing report:
（1）Bantou Plant:
2022 Sustainability Report

50
Environmental Sustainability
（2）Huangge plant:

51
Environmental Sustainability
2022 Sustainability Report

52
Environmental Sustainability
（3）Liudong Plant:

53
Environmental Sustainability
2022 Sustainability Report

54
Environmental Sustainability
Zhongshan Plant's waste gas testing report:

55
Environmental Sustainability
4.1.2.3 Noise control
4.1.2.4 Energy Conservation Effects
In accordance with local environmental standards, LOTES plants are defined as 
Class 2 Noise Control Zones and are therefore required to meet Class 2 Noise Emission 
Standards. With reference to the GB 12348-2008 Emission Standards for Environmental 
Noise at Industrial Enterprise Site Boundaries, it has been determined that no significant 
noise pollution exists at plant site boundaries. This noise is mainly generated by 
stamping presses in workshops and assembly line equipment. However, due to early 
adoption of relevant measures such as the installation of soundproof rooms, reasonable 
deployment of workshops, and vacant areas surrounding plants, noise impacts on the 
local environment are minimal and do not result in complaints by local citizens.
LOTES actively promotes energy conservation 
and emission reduction to make a contribution to 
the sustainable development of the global ecological 
environment. We aim to increase the utilization of 
renewable energy to achieve energy-saving and carbon 
reduction benefits. Since 2017, the Suzhou Plant has been 
generating solar power, and by the end of 2022, it has 
generated a total of 4,761,675 kWh. The Zhongshan Plant 
has also installed solar panels and started generating 
electricity in 2022, with a total generation of 403,256 kWh. 
In 2022, the Suzhou, Guangzhou, and Zhongshan Plants 
achieved a total energy saving of 41,930.54 GJ through 
energy-saving initiatives, resulting in a reduction of 6,767.12 
metric tons of CO2 emissions.
LOTES-Suzhou Plant Solar Power Generation Statistics
Note 1: The PV system on the rooftop of Building I was put into operation in June 2017.
Note 2: The PV system on the rooftop of Building I was put into operation in September 2018.
Unit: KWh
Year
Power generation (Building I)
Power generation (Building II)
Total power generation
2017
347,755
(Note 1)
347,755
2018
558,797
93,344( 註2)
652,141
2019
540,258.6
378,058.8
918,317.4
2020
526,309.5
376,264.9
902,574.4
2021
563,907.2
409,974
973,881.2
2022
564,670 
402,336 
967,006
2022 Sustainability Report

56
Environmental Sustainability
Other emission reduction measures
Note: The emission factor for 2022 provided by the China State Grid is 0.5810 tCO2/MWh.
Note: The emission factor for 2022 provided by the China State Grid is 0.5810 tCO2/MWh.
The Guangzhou Plant achieved significant power savings of 933,140kWH through 
the implementation of the following energy conservation initiatives in 2022:
 In consideration of the worsening impact of climate change, the Suzhou Plant went 
a step further by launching a tree-planting project in addition to the energy conservation 
and carbon reduction initiatives listed above to achieve its carbon reduction goals, 
promote a green virtuous cycle, and implement environmental sustainability concepts. 
A total of 33 trees encompassing 5 species (Camphor, Pomegranate, China Rose, Loquat, 
and Fig) were planted in 2022. Dedicated personnel cares for these trees to ensure 
healthy growth and optimal emission reduction effects.
Energy conservation performance of the Guangzhou Plant in 2022
Concrete initiatives
Categories
Brief description of energy conservation measures
Energy conservation effects
Air conditioning 
system
Equipment 
maintenance
Sealing treatment of dormitory doors
1,008KWh
Compressed air 
energy-saving
Reduce air 
leakage
Conducting monthly inspections of air leakage points on 
the production line to reduce compressed air load and 
electricity consumption
39,456 KWh
Lighting energy-
saving
Equipment 
retrofitting
Installation of solar panels on streetlights
25,272 KWh
Power system
Equipment 
maintenance
Equipment maintenance to reduce power loss
217,392 KWh
Purchasing green 
certificates
/
Purchased 8,984 certificates, with each certificate 
representing 1 MW, resulting in a total energy saving of 
8,984,000 kWh.
8,984,000 KWh
Total energy saving efficiency
9,267,128.00 KWh
33,361.66 GJ
GHG emission reduction
5,384.20tCO2e
Energy conservation performance of the Suzhou in 2022
Concrete initiatives
Categories
Brief description of energy conservation measures
Energy conservation
effects
Lighting 
energy-saving
Equipment 
retrofitting
Replacing 1000 lamps with LED lights
1,478,400KWh
5322.240GJ
GHG emission reduction
858.9504tCO2e
Energy conservation performance of the Zhongshan Plant in 2022
Concrete initiatives
Categories
Brief description of energy conservation measures
Energy conservation effects
Lighting energy-
saving
Equipment 
retrofitting
Installation of solar panels on streetlights
5,490 KWh
Power system
Equipment 
maintenance
Equipment maintenance to reduce power loss
72,600 KWh
Compressed air 
energy-saving
Equipment 
maintenance
Conducting daily inspections of air leakage points on 
the production line to reduce compressed air load and 
electricity consumption
10,164 KWh
Air Conditioning 
Energy Saving
Equipment 
adjustment
Adjusting chilled water temperature based on outdoor 
conditions during summer and winter seasons
744,779  KWh
Heat Pump Energy 
Saving
Equipment 
adjustment
Alternating the operation of the chiller between day and 
night
127,220  KWh
Total energy saving efficiency
960,253　 KWh
3,456.91 GJ
GHG emission reduction
557.91tCO2e

57
Environmental Sustainability
4.2 Waste Management
Material Topics：Waste Management
Dangerous waste treatment process
The generation of waste leads to environmental impact and resource 
depletion. To mitigate these effects, it is crucial to focus on reducing 
waste production from the source, promoting material reuse and 
recycling, and minimizing the overall volume of waste generated. By 
adopting these practices, we can minimize the ecological impact on 
the Earth's environment.
●Responsible department：EHS.
●Grievance mechanism：Physical suggestion box, e-mail.
●The factory has implemented the ISO 14001 environmental 
management system, ensuring waste management and reduction, 
enhancing the recycling and reuse rate of waste materials, and 
strengthening waste management.
●Complying with the requirements of waste management regulations, 
strengthening the supervision and management of waste 
transportation operators.
●Annual meetings of the Environmental Committee for the review 
of waste management results and results of reduction goals and 
initiatives.
●A third party is annually commissioned to conduct ISO 14001 
certification audits to ensure the effectiveness of the operations.
●The waste recycling rates in Guangzhou Plant reached 87.70% in 2022.
●The waste recycling rates in Zhongshan Plant reached 94.54% in 2022.
●There were no violations of waste management regulations in 2022.
The impact of waste management on LOTES
Management Approach
Assessment Mechanism
Performance in the respective year
LOTES implements separate storage, collection, and treatment of hazardous and non-hazardous waste 
generated in its workshops. Waste generated in its manufacturing processes (including waste electronic 
components/parts, waste plastic and copper materials, and cardboard) is treated and recycled by recycling 
businesses approved by the competent authority. Domestic waste is treated by municipal environmental 
health departments in a unified manner. Hazardous waste generated in production processes is treated in a 
rigorous manner by local businesses approved by the competent authority to ensure lawful waste disposal. 
Dangerous waste is collected in a centralized manner and treated by EPA-approved units.
1
4
2
5
3
6
Transportation of dangerous waste 
on the Company premises
Warehousing list
Inspection prior to collection and 
disposal (departure from company 
premises)
Unloading preparations 
(Qualified waste treatment 
providers)
Weighing
Unloading process
2022 Sustainability Report

58
Environmental Sustainability
Guangzhou Plant Waste Management Statistics 
Zhongshan Plant Waste Management Statistics
Suzhou Plant Waste Management Statistics
Unit: metric tons
Unit: metric tons
Unit: metric tons
Waste categories
2021
2022
Treatment method
Domestic waste
540.847
228.819
Incineration
Kitchen waste
865.0465
465.29
Composting
Hazardous waste
12.763
25.369
Incineration/landfilling
General industrial waste
8,553.5
5,129.02
Reuse
recycling rates (%)
85.77
87.70
-
Waste categories
2021
2022
Treatment method
Domestic waste
33.5
67.30 
Incineration
Kitchen waste
120
220.32 
Composting
Hazardous waste
3.35
14.28 
Incineration/landfilling
General industrial waste
85.35
5,229.98 
Reuse
recycling rates (%)
35.24
94.54
--
Waste categories
2021
2022
Treatment method
Domestic waste
3.6
3.6
Environmental Protection Institute
Hazardous waste
10.53
26.50
Commissioned incineration
General industrial waste
1299.6
1232.1
Purchase by other manufacturers
recycling rates (%)
98.92
97.62
--
General industrial waste
2021
2022
Treatment method
Scrap stainless steel
3,222.1
2,072.90 
Reuse
Waste plastic
663.71
1,109.53 
Reuse
Scrap copper
1,741.7
1,302.76 
Reuse
Scrap iron
2,826.1
563.31 
Reuse
Waste cardboard
99.89
80.52 
Reuse
General industrial waste
2021
2022
Treatment method
Cardboard
40.52
63.32 
Reuse
Plastic
37.87
335.78 
Reuse
Scrap iron
6.96
1,224.26 
Reuse
Scrap copper
--
1,975.59 
Reuse
Scrap steel
--
1,631.03 
Reuse
General industrial waste
2021
2022
Treatment method
Stainless steel
189.4
175.1
Reuse
Stainless iron
66.4
61
Reuse
Iron materials
21.6
19.5
Reuse
Slag
82.5
63.8
Reuse
Copper
939.7
912.7
Reuse
Note: The inclusion of waste copper and waste steel in the statistics for 2022 has significantly 
increased both the total waste volume and the recycling rate.

59
Environmental Sustainability
4.3 Supply Chain Management
Quality first, customer satisfaction, punctual delivery, ongoing improvements, compliance with environmental laws and regulations, and non-use of prohibited substances represent 
the key objectives of the Company's quality, safety, and green product management policies and the foundation of its efforts in the field of supplier management. LOTES actively urges its 
suppliers to place high priority on quality, environment, and safety management issues and thoroughly implement risk management and business continuity plans to create a green supply 
chain with sustainable values.
The LOTES management level is firmly committed to providing its customers with high-quality and safe products and services that conform to relevant laws, regulations, and 
standards and fulfilling its corporate social responsibility by performing its duties in the fields of occupational accident prevention, environmental protection, and pollution control. 
Procurement of raw materials and consumables conforms to relevant laws and regulations and environmental and safety requirements. With a view to achieving these goals, ongoing 
improvements are implemented through the adoption of international management system standards and requirements such as ISO9001, ISO 14001, ISO 45001, QC 080000, and RBA.  
As of 2010, LOTES requires the management level or top executives of all new suppliers to sign a Social & Environmental Responsibility Letter of Commitment and manage their 
businesses in compliance with the RBA (Responsible Business Alliance) Code of Conduct outline and standards. 
The supplier conference which is convened on an annual basis provides CSR-related education and training for the management level and top executives of suppliers.
LOTES has adopted a supply chain management model which is based on the RBA Code of Conduct. Guidance and auditing services in the fields of human rights, environment, safety, 
health, and management systems serve the purpose of gaining a firm grasp of EHS management practices and implementation levels of suppliers. We continue to encourage our suppliers 
to prioritize business ethics, labor rights protection, work environments, and labor health and safety. All suppliers are urged to place high emphasis on the development of materials and 
processes with reduced environmental impacts. We require suppliers to sign Supplier Management Policies, Sunshine Policies, and Integrity Commitments. As of the end of 2022, a total of 
506 suppliers in Guangzhou and Zhongshan have signed these documents, with 46 new signatories during the year. Additionally, 38 suppliers in Suzhou have signed these documents, with 
3 new signatories during the year.    
The Suzhou Plant completed 37 supplier audits (selection of 3 new suppliers and annual audits and reviews of 34 existing suppliers) accounting for 100% of priority audit targets in 
2022. No major deficiencies were detected in RBA audits which have been carried out for 29 cooperating suppliers. Labor working hours was the most frequent issue detected in these 
audits. Upon assessment of the results, LOTES requested the adoption and completion of corrective action for detected deficiencies within a prescribed time limit. As for the selection 
process, LOTES utilizes “acceptable” and “non-acceptable” as its main criteria. All suppliers met the required criteria upon completion of corrective action. In 2022, none of the 
suppliers of the Suzhou Plant were listed as disqualified due to social responsibility-related issues (e.g., environmental, human rights, occupational safety issues).
The Guangzhou Plant conducted RBA surveys for 37 newly added suppliers in 2022, total of 61 suppliers were surveyed for RBA compliance during the year. No major deficiencies 
were detected in RBA audits carried out for 24 existing suppliers. Both the survey and audit results met the Company's requirements.
The Zhongshan Plant conducted RBA surveys for 38 newly added suppliers in 2022, total of 44 suppliers were surveyed for RBA compliance during the year. No major deficiencies 
were detected in RBA audits carried out for 6 existing suppliers. Both the survey and audit results met the Company's requirements.
None of the suppliers of the Guangzhou and Zhongshan Plants were listed as disqualified due to social responsibility-related issues (e.g., environmental, human rights, occupational 
safety issues) in 2022.
Policy
Management mechanism
2022 Sustainability Report

60
Environmental Sustainability
Due to the fact that the mining of rare minerals including Cassiterite, Wolframite, 
Coltan, Cobalt, and Gold within the borders of the Democratic Republic of Congo is 
associated with serious human rights and environmental issues, these resources are 
known as “conflict minerals”. In view of the fact that these minerals may be used for 
the manufacture of information and communication technology products, LOTES has 
included these banned conflict minerals in its procurement controls to fulfill its corporate 
social responsibility. The Company conducts surveys of raw materials and products 
provided by its suppliers and acts in solidarity with its customers and suppliers. All 
suppliers are required to make a firm pledge to refrain from using conflict minerals by 
signing a Letter of Commitment and completing a Conflict Mineral-Free Survey Form 
(smelter names must be indicated) to ensure that all parts, components, and products 
are free from conflict minerals originating in the DRC or an adjoining country. In 2022, we 
conducted RMI surveys for conflict mineral-related materials provided by 24 suppliers. 
The survey results conformed to our requirements. 
Conflict mineral management
The following suppliers accounted for a total of 10% of the total 
procurement amount in the last two years
Conflict 
Minerals 
Policy
Human
centeredness
Protection 
of our global 
environment
Compliance with 
applicable laws
Banning of 
conflict
minerals
4.3.1 Supply chain integration and risk diversification
LOTES views its suppliers as strategic partners and firmly embraces mutual 
support and joint growth as the guiding principles for its supplier relations. Its main 
production and operation sites are located in China and Taiwan. With a view to fostering 
local industry clusters and boosting regional economic development, preference is 
given to local suppliers. Due to the fact that copper materials, plastic pellets, and steel 
materials represent the main raw materials, the top-ranked suppliers of the Company 
are providers of such materials. Due to long-term cooperative relationships with these 
suppliers, supply of required materials is stable. Supplier changes are based on key 
considerations in the fields of material quality, price, and cooperation conditions. As a 
result, concentration and raw material disruption risks caused by excessive reliance on a 
small number of suppliers can be ruled out.
Year
2022
No.
Name
Amount
Percentage of annual net rocurement〔%〕
Relationship with  the issuer
1
Company D
270,056 
3.22%
NA
2
Company A
239,376 
2.85%
NA
3
Company E
223,217 
2.66%
NA
Other
7,811,026 
91.27%
﹣
Total
8,396,303 
100%
﹣
Year
2021
No.
Name
Amount
Percentage of annual net rocurement〔%〕
Relationship with  the issuer
1
A 公司
267,064
3.37
NA
2
B 公司
261,088
3.29
NA
3
C 公司
253,416
3.20
NA
Other
4,370,409
90.14%
﹣
Total
7,927,626
100%
﹣

61
Environmental Sustainability
4.3.2 Reduction of the impact of raw material transportation on the environment
4.3.4  Supplier Selection Mechanism
4.3.3 Procurement Policy
Constant technological advances and rising industrial output value have resulted in worsening environmental hazards, which in turn has raised the public awareness of environmental 
issues. The 2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference (COP21) focused on the conclusion of a legally binding agreement to tackle climate change issues and contain temperature 
rise. The pledge which is regarded as “the last and best opportunity to save the world” aims to reverse climate change and limit global warming to well below 2, preferably to 1.5 degrees 
Celsius, compared to pre-industrial levels. This conference produced the most representative agreement in the field of global warming in the history of climate change initiatives. LOTES 
embraces the same principles when selecting suppliers, while also taking into account the suppliers' geographical location. In addition to lead time, timeliness, and transportation cost 
considerations, the ultimate goal is to reduce potential environmental impacts and damage caused by long-distance transportation of raw materials. 
In addition to supplier localization considerations, the risk of excessive concentration of suppliers in the same area must also be considered. LOTES strives to ensure fully loaded 
trucks and containers and gives priority to sea shipment over transportation by air. This results in a significant reduction of generated CO2 since the CO2 emissions of ships are far lower 
than those of airplanes.
Price is not the sole consideration for the selection of suppliers. The final selection of suppliers is based on competitiveness versus risk considerations. The maintenance of excellent 
supplier relations is of paramount importance to ensure that the Company's procurement requirements in the fields of quality, cost, delivery, service, management, and environmental 
protection are satisfied.    
In 2022, the Suzhou, Guangzhou and Zhongshan Plants added 3, 37 and 38 suppliers, respectively. Upon evaluation of these new suppliers, they have been listed as qualified 
suppliers. 
In addition to placing equal emphasis on product quality, delivery times, and costs, we urge our suppliers to put high priority on social responsibility. The adoption of sound risk 
management and business continuity plans. 
 LOTES has established a procurement and supplier management system based on the ISO 9001 Quality Management 
System and RBA requirements to ensure effective management of the quality of delivered goods. Suppliers are required to 
abide by relevant rules and make pledges to ensure conformity of all their operations to environmental and labor-related 
laws and regulations and international CSR norms. Suppliers are selected based on material assessments and evaluations 
and guidance by professional teams in accordance with material approval procedures and supplier selection mechanisms to 
ensure meeting of requirements in the six dimensions of quality, safety, eco-friendliness, delivery times, service, and price and 
guarantee sound supplier management with the ultimate goal of achieving mutual benefit and win-win outcomes. 
2022 Local Procurement Statistics of LOTES Plants
Item                                Plant area
Suzhou Plant
Guangzhou& Zhongshan Plant
Number of local liers(domestic)
38
356
Total number of suppliers estic + international)
38
386
Local supplier ratio(%)
100
92.23
Local procurement ratio(%)
100
93.85
Note: The term “local procurement” refers to RMB-based transactions.
2022 Sustainability Report

62
Environmental Sustainability
4.4 Climate Change Management 
The rising frequency of extreme climate events in recent years are harbingers of an imminent crisis caused by global warming. National governments all over the world therefore 
place increasing emphasis on climate change issues and strive to press enterprises to incorporate climate change issues into their operational management strategies through legal 
amendments on the national and regional level. In addition to the identification of operational risks brought about by climate change, we have incorporated the four core disclosure 
categories of “Governance”, “Strategy”, “Risk Management”, and “Metrics and Targets” into our operational management in line with the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial 
Disclosures (TCFD) released by the Financial Stability Board (FSB). Relevant governance performance is disclosed in Sustainability Reports to give stakeholders a clear understanding of 
climate change-related risks, opportunities, and impacts as well as contingency measures adopted by LOTES.
Governance
Strategy
Risk Management
Metrics and Targets
The governance of LOTES' terminal 
and climate-related risks and 
opportunities
Business, strategic, and financial planning encompass 
both actual and potential climate-related impacts.
Climate-related risk management process
Indicators and targets for assessing and managing 
climate-related issues
The governance of climate-related 
risks and opportunities is reported 
annually by the CEO to the Board 
of Directors, and its effectiveness is 
overseen by the Board.
With reference to the 2022 annual short, medium, 
and long-term climate risk and opportunity table
The process for identifying, assessing, and managing climate-
related risks is as follows:
1.In late 2022, our company conducted an ESG materiality 
assessment by the Sustainability Committee, concurrently 
implementing TCFD climate risk and opportunity identification.
2.When significant risks and opportunities are identified, target 
plans are formulated and reviewed for tracking effectiveness by 
the Sustainability Committee.
3.Our company's risk management procedures within the 
environmental management system incorporate climate-related 
risks and opportunities into the operations of each unit.
●Complete greenhouse gas inventory for the 
headquarters and enhance website and public 
information disclosure by 2025.
●Achieve an annual energy efficiency rate of 1%.
●Pass third-party verification for greenhouse gas 
inventory for the entire group and subsidiaries by 
2028.
The CEO serves as the Chairman of 
the Climate Risk and Opportunity 
Governance Committee, while 
members of the Sustainable 
Development Committee are 
responsible for risk dentification, 
assessment, and mitigation.
With reference to the financial impacts related to 
climate
In 2022, the main operating locations in China, 
including the Guangzhou, Zhongshan, and Suzhou 
plants, emitted the following amounts of CO2e:
Scope 1 emissions: 3,433.72 metric tons CO2e
Scope 2 emissions: 39,435.25 metric tons CO2e
Scope 3 emissions: 87,465.87 metric tons CO2e
The company has discussed and considered the 
2-degree Celsius scenario (2DS) in the Sustainable 
Development Committee meetings, using tools 
provided by TCCIP (Climate Change Integrated 
Service Platform) as references for assessing physical 
risks associated with climate change. Ultimately, 
the company has chosen to adopt the 2DS / RCP2.6 
scenario as the framework for assessing climate 
change-related physical risks and opportunities. 
Within this scenario, the company describes 
the themes related to climate change risks and 
opportunities, including physical risks and regulatory 
transition risks.
Carbon neutral by 2050

63
Environmental Sustainability
Table of Short, Medium, and Long-Term Climate Risks and Opportunities for 2022
Climate-related financial impacts and responses
Risk No.
Climate Change Risk Issues
Risk Level
Time Horizon
Opportunity No.
Climate Change Opportunity Issues
Opportunity Level
Time Horizon
R1
Increase in greenhouse gas pricing
High
Short-term, Medium-term
O1
Reducing water consumption and usage
Medium
Medium-term, Long-term
R2
Enhancement of emission reporting obligations
High
Short-term
O2
Utilizing more efficient production and distribution 
processes
Medium
Medium-term, Long-term
R3
Requirements and regulations for existing products and 
services
Medium
Medium-term, Long-term
O3
Recycling and reuse
Medium
Medium-term, Long-term
R4
Substitution of existing products and services with low-
carbon alternatives
Medium
Medium-term, Long-term
O4
Transition to more efficient buildings
Medium
Medium-term, Long-term
R5
Costs associated with low-carbon technology transition
Medium
Short-term, Medium-term
O5
Adoption of more efficient transportation methods
Medium
Short-term, Medium-term, Long-term
R6
Changes in customer behavior
Medium
Short-term, Medium-term
O6
Use of low-carbon energy
High
Medium-term, Long-term
R7
Changes in rainfall (water) patterns and extreme climate 
changes
High
Medium-term, Long-term
O7
Adoption of incentivizing policies
Medium
Medium-term, Long-term
R8
Increased severity of typhoons, floods, and other extreme 
weather events
Medium
Medium-term, Long-term
O8
Use of new technologies
Medium
Medium-term, Long-term
R9
rising costs of raw materials
High
Short-term, Medium-term, Long-term
O9
Participation in carbon trading markets
Medium
Medium-term, Long-term
R10
Increase in average temperature
Medium
Medium-term, Long-term
O10
Transition to decentralized energy
Low
Medium-term, Long-term
R11
Sea level rise
Low
Long-term
Note 1: Short-term refers to 1-3 years, medium-term refers to 3-5 years, and long-term refers to 6-10 years.
Risk and Opportunity Items
Financial Impacts and Response Mechanisms
Increasing greenhouse gas pricing
The European Union carbon tariffs will be piloted in 2023 and officially implemented in 2026. The potential financial impact of this risk on the company is increased operating costs. However, at the current stage, 
the company does not belong to the high-carbon emitting industry, so the overall financial impact is not significant. Considering the future, the company plans to complete comprehensive greenhouse gas 
inventory for the entire group and subsidiaries by 2028. Assessments and target-setting will also be conducted for the purchase of green energy, renewable energy certificates, bioenergy, and carbon credits to 
establish carbon reduction goals.
Enhancing emissions reporting 
obligations
Government authorities require disclosure of greenhouse gas emissions in annual and sustainability reports. The headquarters of the company has not completed the greenhouse gas inventory, but other 
significant operating locations are implementing it continuously. The financial impact in this regard includes the cost of implementing the inventory, which is less than 1 million. The overall financial impact is 
minor. The headquarters plans to complete the inventory and disclosure of information by 2025.
Changes in rainfall patterns and 
extreme climate changes
Increased occurrences of extreme weather events, such as typhoons and heavy rainfall, may lead to flooding in office buildings and plant areas, affecting the company's operations. After assessment, this risk 
may result in moderate financial losses. Response measures include maintaining the drainage system and establishing emergency response plans for typhoons and heavy rainfall to mitigate immediate risks. 
Buildings and plant areas have undergone waterproofing projects, and monthly maintenance of drainage facilities with pumping motors is carried out. Therefore, this risk does not have a significant impact on 
overall operations.
Rising costs of raw materials
Climate change, including the implementation of carbon taxes by the European Union from 2023, has led to increased production and transportation costs of bulk commodities. This subsequently affects 
operations. Response measures include minimizing module designs to reduce raw material usage, enhancing local sourcing in the supply chain to mitigate cost increases in raw materials and transportation, and 
implementing product carbon footprints starting from 2026 to reduce carbon costs through green and eco-design.
Adopting low-carbon energy
Energy scarcity is becoming increasingly severe, and energy costs are rising year by year, which burdens operating costs. The company continuously increases the use of renewable energy at its major operating 
locations, gradually replacing high-carbon energy sources. The target is to achieve a renewable energy ratio of 25% by 2030.
Implementation plan to achieve 
the 2050 carbon neutrality goal
1.Implement green procurement by purchasing infrastructure equipment with environmental labels 
(Implementation period: 2023-2026).
2.Acquire energy storage and power regulation systems to enhance energy efficiency (Implementation 
period: 2026-2030).
3.Increase the usage of renewable energy to 30% (2030-2040).
4.Purchase carbon credits, renewable energy, and certificates (2040-2050).
2022 Sustainability Report

5
chapter
 Social Care
5.1 Employee Overview
5.2 Right Person for the Right Position
5.3 Occupational Health & Safety
5.4 Social Engagement

65
LOTES places strong emphasis on labor right and is firmly committed to creating 
a blissful and safe workplace environment. The Company provides friendly and equal 
work opportunities, implements gender equality policies, creates a corporate climate of 
mutual respect, and offers competitive compensation levels to increase the emotional 
attachment of employees to the Company and thereby ensure thriving development. In 
addition, LOTES has a comprehensive training and career development system in place. 
Training courses are organized on a regular basis to hone the 
professional competencies and enhance the workplace 
competitiveness of employees. The ISO 45001 
Occupational Health and Safety Management 
System has been adopted to strengthen the 
management performance in this area and 
safeguard the mental and physical 
well-being of all employees. With 
a view to mitigating the impact 
of rapid social changes including 
the widening divide between 
rich and poor, LOTES has made an 
ongoing commitment to welfare and 
charity events and support for underprivileged groups. The Company spares no effort to 
give back to society and fulfill its social responsibility. 
05 Social Engagement
LOTES places utmost priority on the fundamental rights of its employees and 
strives to form a friendly environment conducive to human rights protection. The 
Company strictly abides by relevant labor laws and regulations including the principles 
disclosed in human rights conventions such as the Universal Declaration of Human 
Rights, the United Nations Global Compact, the UN Guiding Principles on Business 
and Human Rights, and the ILO Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at 
Work. It highly respects internationally recognized human rights such as freedom of 
association, care for underprivileged groups, prohibition of child labor, eradication of 
any form of forced labor or discrimination in employment, elimination of any conduct 
that infringes or violates human rights, protection of gender equality, and fair treatment 
of all employees. LOTES' salary assessment policy ensures that salary discrepancies 
based on gender, age, religion, ethnicity, and political belief.
LOTES also strictly complies with applicable labor and human rights laws at its 
business locations as well as the RBA (Responsible Business Alliance) Code of Conduct 
and customer requirements. The Company has formulated human rights policies 
and relevant guidelines based on these regulations and requirements. In addition 
to explaining these policies through various means such as public announcements, 
events/activities, promotional materials, and meetings, LOTES constantly educates its 
employees on the importance of human rights protection and labor rights in the context 
of orientation and on-the-job training channels. The LOTES Guangzhou, Zhongshan, 
and Suzhou plants passed the Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) customer audit. In 
addition, the company has established a dedicated channel for complaints and reports, 
which is handled by designated personnel who conduct thorough investigations while 
ensuring the confidentiality of the complainant's information. If a complaint is verified 
to be true, the company commits to not subjecting the complainant to any adverse 
treatment. In 2022, LOTES conducted human rights-related training courses internally, 
totaling 7,226 hours of training. Furthermore, there were no records of violations of the 
human rights policy by LOTES in the same year.  
 LOTES has created a blissful and safe workplace environment based on diversity 
and equality principles. The Company strives to attract and enlist talent to partake in its 
sturdy growth through the adoption of various equality measures and the provision of 
competitive compensation and benefits.
5.1 Employee Overview
5.1.1 Human Rights Policies
Social Engagement
2022 Sustainability Report

66
Implementation of Human Rights Policies
The Company refrains from employing child labor under 16 years of age in compliance with 
relevant laws. Employees between 16 and 18 years of age are not allowed to engage in work 
tasks that endanger their physical health and safety
The Company does not discriminate against any employee or job applicant on grounds of their 
race, skin color, age, gender, sexual orientation, disability, marital status, pregnancy, religious 
beliefs, political orientation, or membership in associations.
Employees are encouraged to actively participate in Company, social, and community events 
and activities and contribute to welfare activities sponsored by local governments.
●The Company refrains from using forced, bonded, contracted, or involuntary prison labor and 
    enslaving or trafficking of employees.
●Employees have the right to freely resign provided that they observe a reasonable notice period; 
   the Company does not retain valid identity documents of its employees.
Close monitoring of working and overtime hours, constant reminders to pay attention to personal 
workloads and rest conditions, and implementation of ongoing tracking.
●Employee salaries must equal or exceed the local minimum salary standards at the plant 
     locations.
●Salary deductions as disciplinary measures are prohibited.
●Wages for extended working hours must exceed normal wage standards.
●Employees are entitled to statutory holidays/vacations.
Any form of sexual harassment, sexual assault, corporal punishment, physical or mental pressure, 
verbal abuse, or threats of such behavior shall be strictly forbidden. 
Prohibition of Child Labor
Non-Discrimination
Freedom of Association
Free Choice of Occupation
Working Time
Salaries and Benefits
Humane Treatment
Guangzhou
Zhongshan
Suzhou
Human rights 
training 
courses
●Personnel recruitment and selection  
     skills and considerations training.
●RBA knowledge training.
●Anti-harassment and anti- 
    discrimination training for security  
    responsibilities.
●Personnel recruitment and selection 
     skills and considerations training.
●RBA knowledge training.
●Anti-harassment and anti- 
    discrimination training for security 
    responsibilities.
●RBA basic knowledge training.
●Anti-harassment and anti- 
    discrimination training.
●Employee representative  
    responsibilities and rights training.
Total
4,114
2,422
690
Percentage of 
participating 
employees
77.51％
64.38％
99.42％
Note: The total number of participants includes the number of employees who were employed during the year.
           Percentage of participating employees = (Total number of participants / Total number of employees at the  
  end of the year) * 100.
Social Engagement

67
LOTES has been deeply involved in the electronic components 
industry. In recent years, to enhance production efficiency, the company 
has gradually strengthened its automation capabilities, reducing manual 
labor on the production lines. In 2022, LOTES provided over 8,000 job 
opportunities, accompanied by competitive salary levels, to attract talent 
to join the company and contribute to its growth. Overall, the majority of 
LOTES employees are engaged through non-fixed term  labor contracts, 
and all employees are under full-time employment contracts. The 
company is committed to providing long-term and full-time employment, 
allowing employees to fully dedicate themselves to their work without 
concerns about job stability. This approach helps ensure employment 
stability for employees and increases their sense of identification with the 
company.
Due to unique industry characteristics, the Company's workforce 
can be divided into the two categories of direct and indirect staff. The 
majority of direct employees are female, while the lion's share of indirect 
employees who are mostly engaged in R&D and sales operations are 
male. In recent years, the proportion of female employees at LOTES has 
consistently exceeded 40%. As for the age distribution, both direct and 
indirect employees, approximately 98% of the workforce in the past 
three years were below the age of 50. This indicates that LOTES relies on 
this group of middle-aged employees as the main driving force for the 
company's development in the next 10 years. The turnover rate of the 
workforce in the short term is not at risk of experiencing a shortage of 
young talents.
From the perspective of local hiring policies, the ratio of locally 
hired top executives is significantly lower in the Guangzhou, Zhongshan 
and Suzhou Plants than at Taiwan HQ. This can mainly be attributed to the 
fact that the main considerations of the Company's recruitment policies 
are talent, professional skills, and academic and career background. 
Regional affiliation is not the sole criterion for employment. Nevertheless, 
the Company is fully aware of the importance of locally hired talent for 
communities and will therefore carefully deliberate the inclusion of this 
criterion in its hiring considerations, which is expected to be conducive to 
attracting local talent and offering nearby employment with the ultimate 
goal of earning the approval of local communities.
5.1.2 Employee Statistics
Total workforce
Number of non-fixed term employees 
(broken down by gender)
Number of non-fixed term employees 
(broken down by region)
Number of fixed-term employees 
(broken down by gender)
Number of fixed term employees 
(broken down by region)
Percentage of female employees
N o t e :  E m p l o y m e n t  c o n t r a c t s  a re  d i v i d e d  i n t o  t h e  f o l l o w i n g 
two categories: non-periodic labor contracts (non-fixed term, 
permanent employees) and periodic labor contracts (fixed-term 
employees, including rehired retired employees).
Note: The Zhongshan plant commenced operations in 2021, therefore there is 
no data available for the period before 2020.
Note: The Taiwan headquarters does not have any fixed-term contract 
employees. The Zhongshan plant commenced operations in 2021, 
therefore there is no data available for the period before 2020.
Social Engagement
5,823
8,452
8,301
2020
2021
2022
2020
2021
2022
41.30%
45.06%
42.46%
2020
2021
2022
3,196
4,859
4,869
2,610
3,567
3,401
Male
Female
2020
2021
2022
Male
Female
34
4
14
22
27
Taiwan
Suzhou
Guangzhou
Zhongshan
142
737
4,927
0
149
703
5,218
2,356
157
678
3,639
3,796
2020
2021
2022
2020
2021
2022
14
14
16
3
5
4
0
7
11
Suzhou
Guangzhou
Zhongshan
2022 Sustainability Report

68
Number of full-time employees
Percentage of direct/indirect staff 
(broken down by gender)
Percentage of direct staff 
(broken down by age)
Percentage of indirect staff 
(broken down by age)
Note: Full-time (working hours per week as defined 
according to national legislation) and part-time 
(working hours per week are less than 'full-time' as 
defined above; e.g., work-study students and hourly 
workers) represent the two types of employment. All 
LOTES staff members are full-time employee .
Note: Direct and indirect staff represent the two main employee categories. Calculations are based on the total number of employees on December 31.
The following formula are used: 
1.Female director percentage（Number of female directors at the end of the respective year / total number of directors at the end of the respective year）*100％. 
2.Percentage of direct employees below 30（Number of direct employees below 30 at the end of the respective year / total number of employees at the end of the respective year）*100％. 
3.Percentage of indirect employees who are Master's degree holders（Number of indirect employees who are Master's degree holders at the end of the respective year/ total number of 
    employees at the end of the respective year）*100％.
Diversity indicators
2020
2021
2022
Number Percentage Number
Percentage
Number Percentage
Employees
Direct 
staff
Gender
Male
644 
11.06%
1,088 
12.87%
1,222 
14.72%
Female
1,383 
23.75%
1,862 
22.03%
1,758 
21.18%
Age
Below 30
911 
15.64%
1,268 
15.00%
1,125 
13.55%
30-49
1,113 
19.11%
1,677 
19.84%
1,846 
22.24%
50 and above
3 
0.05%
5 
0.06%
9 
0.11%
Educational 
background
College/university undergraduate
22 
0.38%
44 
0.52%
63 
0.76%
High school or below
2,005 
34.43%
2,906 
34.38%
2,917 
35.14%
Indirect 
staff
Gender
Male
2,555 
43.88%
3,775 
44.66%
3,651 
43.98%
Female
1,241 
21.31%
1,727 
20.43%
1,670 
20.12%
Age
Below 30
1,277 
21.93%
1,781 
21.07%
1,577 
19.00%
30-49
2,408 
41.35%
3,580 
42.36%
3,586 
43.20%
50 and above
111 
1.91%
141 
1.67%
158 
1.90%
Educational 
background
Graduate school
78 
1.34%
83 
0.98%
87 
1.05%
College/university undergraduate
1,351 
23.20%
1,811 
21.43%
2,045 
24.64%
High school or below
2,367 
40.65%
3,608 
42.69%
3,189 
38.42%
Social Engagement
3,199
4,863
4,873
2,624
3,589
3,428
2020
2021
2022
Male
Female

69
Percentage of direct staff 
(broken down by educational attainment)
Employee age distribution in 2022
Educational attainment distribution of employees in 2022
Regional distribution of employees in 2022
Percentage of locally hired managerial officers in 2022
17
9
32
4
17
2
3
0
Taiwan
Suzhou
Guangzhou
Zhongshan
    Number of managerial officers
17
9
32
4
      Number of locally hired 
      managerial officers
17
2
3
0
Note: Senior executives are defined as employees at or above manager level; local hires are defined as 
residents of Taiwan (Taiwan HQ) and residents of the respective province (Suzhou, Guangzhou, and 
Zhongshan Plants)
Note: Management refers to supervisors at the level of section chief and above.
Gender statistics for different hierarchy levels in 2022
Guangzhou
Zhongshan
Suzhou
Taiwan
Number of employees
Male
Female
Male
Female
Male
Female
Male
Female
Management level
(section manager and above)
62
12
29
6
20
9
46
13
Operating personnel
236
750
684
881
62
99
0
0
Non-operating personnel
1,699
884
1,599
608
382
122
54
44
100%
22%
9%
0%
Social Engagement
Percentage of indirect staff 
(broken down by educational attainment)
2020
2021
2022
0.38%0
.52%
0.76%
34.43%
34.38%
35.14%
2.01%
65.44%
32.55%
1.89%
43.89%
8.36%
45.86%
1.05%
25.39%
73.56%
2022 Sustainability Report

70
 Due to unique industry characteristics, the majority of new hires and resignees in recent years are female, aged below 30, and have an education level of high school or below. This 
can mainly be attributed to unique job market attributes. New hires frequently tender their resignation upon realizing after a certain period of employment that work patterns do not 
conform to their expectations. LOTES aims to constantly infuse new blood and inject vitality into the organization through adequate adjustments of its manpower structure in preparation 
for future challenges in the operational dimension. In addition, the Company conducts rolling reviews of its employee compensation system to retain outstanding talent. The ultimate goal 
is to boost human resource renewal, while minimizing the impact on Company operations.
New hire statistics  
2020
2021
2022
Total
Ratio
Total
Ratio
Total
Ratio
Age
Below 30
2,616 
119.56%
6,972 
228.67%
2,562 
93%
30-49
1,652 
46.92%
3,561 
67.74%
1,820 
34%
50 and above
6 
5.26%
16 
10.96%
5 
7%
Gender
Male
1,934 
60.46%
6,291 
129.36%
2,540 
53%
Female
2,340 
89.18%
4,258 
118.64%
1,847 
55%
Educational 
background
Graduate school
30 
38.46%
24 
28.92%
23 
38%
College/university (incl. 
undergraduate)
452 
32.92%
819 
44.15%
548 
27%
High school or below
3,792 
86.73%
9,706 
149.00%
3,816 
63%
Region
Taiwan
24 
16.90%
31 
20.81%
19 
12%
Guangzhou
3,879 
78.68%
7,547 
20.81%
19 
12%
Suzhou
371 
49.40%
275 
38.35%
236 
34%
Zhongshan
-
-
2,696 
114.09%
3,267 
86%
Resignee statistics
2020
2021
2022
Total
Ratio
Total
Ratio
Total
Ratio
Age
Below 30
2,314 
105.76%
6,443 
211.32%
2,925 
108.70%
30-49
1,631 
46.32%
3,265 
62.11%
2,316 
43.36%
50 and above
21 
18.42%
55 
37.67%
25 
20.49%
Gender
Male
1,807 
56.49%
5,711 
117.44%
2,806 
57.34%
Female
2,159 
82.28%
4,052 
112.90%
2,460 
72.98%
Educational 
background
Graduate school
15 
19.23%
25 
30.12%
13 
25.00%
College/university (incl. 
undergraduate)
377 
27.46%
742 
40.00%
535 
25.31%
High school or below
3,574 
81.75%
8,996 
138.10%
4,718 
77.57%
Region
Taiwan
15 
10.56%
24 
16.11%
11 
7.00%
Guangzhou
3,563 
72.27%
7,388 
141.45%
2,266 
62.20%
Suzhou
388 
51.66%
308 
42.96%
285 
41.07%
Zhongshan
-
-
2,043 
86.46%
2,704 
71.03%
Note 1: Statistics are based on employee numbers at the end of the respective year.
Note2: Employment rate: (Number of new hires in said category in the respective year / number of employees in said 
category at the end of the respective year) *100%;  Turnover rate:(Number of resignees in said category in the 
respective year / number of employees in said category at the end of the respective year) *100%.
Social Engagement

71
5.2 Right Person for the Right Position
Material Topic: Employment Relations
The significance of 
employment relations to 
LOTES.
Increasing employee salaries and benefits can enhance their sense 
of identification and engagement with LOTES, while also attracting 
and retaining top talent. This not only contributes to the company's 
continued revenue growth but also uplifts employees' economic well-
being.
Management policy
●Responsible Department: Management Department.
●Complaint Mechanism: Employee Complaint Hotline, Physical  
Suggestion Box, Email.
‧HR Manager's Phone: +886-2-24331110 Ext. 105
‧HR Manager's Email: jerrylee@lotestech.com 
●Policy Commitment: Providing compensation and benefits that exceed 
legal requirements.
●Specific Measures:
‧Creating a positive work environment, prohibiting workplace verbal 
abuse, and fostering a workplace environment of gender equality, anti-
sexual harassment, and non-discrimination.
‧Establishing diverse channels for employee communication, actively 
responding to employee feedback, and achieving a 100% suggestion 
handling rate.
‧Tracking and understanding the true reasons for employee turnover, 
promptly identifying management issues, and making timely 
adjustments and improvements.
‧Conducting regular employee satisfaction surveys.
Evaluation mechanism
●Guangzhou & Zhongshan:
    The employee satisfaction survey score for 2022 was 7.95, which is 
    comparable to the score of 7.96 in 2021.
●Suzhou:
The employee satisfaction survey score for 2022 was 8.2, an increase 
of 0.27 points compared to the score of 7.93 in 2021.
An outstanding pool of human resources is the key to sustainable operations. With 
a view to attracting outstanding talent, LOTES offers sound and transparent promotion 
channels to reward employees who excel at their jobs and make long-term contributions. 
At the same time, the Company also schedules and arranges advanced training for 
its employees to facilitate constant professional growth in their respective fields and 
realize personal value. The Company has also set up diversified channels to initiate 
communication with its employees and thereby allow them to voice their opinions in a 
timely manner and ensure that labor rights are better protected. In conclusion, labor and 
management maintain harmonious and friendly relations and interactions.
Employee compensation is determined based on the achievement status of annual 
operational goals and the profitability of the Company. The Company provides highly 
competitive salaries and benefits in excess of local legal requirements. With a view to 
ensuring that work performance is accurately reflected in compensation packages, 
the Company appraises individual work performance on a regular basis. Appraisal 
results are incorporated into promotion and career development considerations and 
the Company has adopted bidirectional promotion channels in conformity with job 
demands. The goal is to enable employees who are highly versed in certain technologies 
and have special skills in certain fields to successfully transform themselves into experts 
in these fields through their own efforts and ensure that employees with management 
abilities and potential successfully advance to the management level and thereby create 
a broader space for career development.
Length of service, educational background, and professional competence 
represent the main considerations for salary assessment. Physiological or psychological 
differences do not factor into this process. Professional expertise and experience are 
gradually accumulated as length of service increases. The Company is willing to share 
its profits with its employees, which is concretely reflected in the gradually increasing 
mean and median values of annual salaries of employees in non-managerial positions 
at Taiwan HQ. Competitive salaries ranked at the top of the industry ensure the financial 
well-being and security of highly talented employees who contribute their talent and 
expertise to the Company and help strengthen their emotional attachment and sense of 
belonging to the Company.
A comparison of base salaries and overall compensations of male and female 
employees reveals that the base salaries of female and male employees in non-
managerial positions at Taiwan HQ are identical, while overall compensations earned 
by male employees are slightly higher than those of their female counterparts. This 
can mainly be attributed to the fact that female employees are mostly engaged in 
administrative tasks, while their male counter parts tend to be responsible for R&D and 
sales operations. As for the salary levels of male and female employees in supervisor 
positions at Taiwan HQ, base salaries and compensations paid to male supervisors 
exceed those of their female counterparts, which is a direct result of differences in 
seniority. However, this gender pay gap has been shrinking over the past three years. 
As for the operating sites in China (Guangzhou, Zhongshan, and Suzhou Plants), 
compensations paid to male direct and indirect employees are slightly higher than those 
of their female colleagues, which can also be attributed to differences in job functions.
In addition, the salary levels of both employees in non-managerial positions at 
Taiwan HQ and direct staff at operating sites in Mainland China consistently exceed 
the local minimum wage standards, which clearly demonstrates that LOTES is firmly 
committed to the concrete implementation of employee care.
Finally, LOTES provides a comfortable office environment for its employees 
to alleviate stress levels and build a positive rapport between co-workers. Cultural, 
recreational, travel, and welfare activities are organized on a regular basis to share 
Company benefits with employees and their families and end boost their physical and 
mental well-being.
5.2.1 Compensation and Benefits
Social Engagement
2022 Sustainability Report

72
1,437
1,185
1,478
1,178
2021
2022
Mean
Median
Number of employees in 
non-management position
Annual salaries of employees in 
non-management positions
Unit: Person, 1000 NTD
Note : Non-management positions are defined as follows pursuant to the 
provisions set forth in an official letter issued by the Ministry of Finance: 
Employees who don't hold positions such as President, Vice President, 
Assistant Vice President, Finance or Accounting Executive, or other 
positions involving management of Company affairs and signature rights 
or positions equivalent to the aforementioned.
Note:
‧Statistics are based on employees with at least one year of service.
‧Base salary refers to the minimum fixed amount paid to employees for the performance of duties and does not include 
any form of extra compensation such as overtime pay, bonuses, or allowances.
‧Compensations are extra amounts paid to workers in addition to their base salary including seniority allowances, bonuses 
(incl. cash and equity), benefits, overtime pay, leave in lieu and any other subsidies (e.g., transportation, living expense, 
and childcare subsidies).
‧Differences in base salaries/compensations of male/female employees can mainly be attributed to job function 
differences: male employees are mostly engaged in R&D and sales operations, while their female counterparts tend to 
be responsible for administrative tasks. 
‧Since the Zhongshan Plant was put into operation in 2021, no data is available before 2020.
Note 1:
‧Direct staff standard salaries include base salaries for rank-and-file permanent 
staff, duty allowances, meal allowances, accommodation allowances, attendance 
bonuses, performance bonuses; the term “direct staff” exclusively refers to 
permanent employees excluding interns or temp workers.
‧Non-managerial positions at Taiwan HQ do not include positions at the section 
manager level and above.
‧The salary gap between male and female employees in non-managerial 
positions at Taiwan HQ can be attributed to the fact that female employees are 
mostly engaged in administrative tasks, while their male counterparts tend to 
be responsible for R&D and sales operations.
‧Salaries at operating sites in China are calculated in RMB at a standard 
conversion rate of 1 RMB to 4.45 NTD.
‧Base wages at LOTES plants in China are determined in line with the minimum 
wage standards in the respective region.
Base salary and compensations
Ratio
2020
2021
2022
Operating 
sites
Employee 
categories
Item
Male Female Male Female Male Female
Taiwan
Non-managerial
positions
Base salary ratio
1.15
1
1.15
1
1.07
1
Compensation ratio
1.2
1
1.02
1
1.05
1
Management
positions
Base salary ratio
1.38
1
1.28
1
1.18
0
Compensation ratio
1.8
1
1.46
1
1.20
0
Guangzhou
Direct 
staff
Base salary ratio
1
1
1.01
1
1
1
Compensation ratio
0.99
1
1
1
0.99
1
Indirect
staff
Base salary ratio
1.28
1
1.26
1
1.24
1
Compensation ratio
1.48
1
1.46
1
1.55
1
Suzhou
Direct 
staff
Base salary ratio
0.99
1
1
1
0.99
1
Compensation ratio
0.99
1
1.03
1
1.08
1
Indirect
staff
Base salary ratio
1.05
1
1.04
1
0.99
1
Compensation ratio
1.31
1
1.24
1
1.26
1
Zhongshan
Direct 
staff
Base salary ratio
-
-
1
1
1.01
1
Compensation ratio
-
-
1.02
1
0.97
1
Indirect
staff
Base salary ratio
-
-
1.26
1
1.17
1
Compensation ratio
-
-
1.71
1
1.64
1
Item
Gender
Ratio of direct staff standard
salary to local minimum wage 
in 2022
Non-
managerial 
positions at 
Taiwan HQ
Male
 2.24 
Female
 2.11 
Suzhou Plant 
direct staff
Male
 1.38 
Female
 1.38 
Guangzhou 
Plant direct 
staff
Male
 1.20 
Female
 1.20 
Zhongshan 
Plant direct 
staff
Male
 1.45 
Female
 1.45 
+14
-7
Social Engagement
2021
2022
96
96

73
 Talent is of paramount importance for the competitiveness of the Company. With a view to 
motivating employees to join hands with the Company to realize joint goals and ensuring that they 
get deserved recognition for their contributions, LOTES has developed an attractive benefits and 
incentive system for talent retention.
‧Employee bonuses
‧Year-end bonus
‧Patent bonus
‧Bonus for 
‧Commencement of Work 
‧After the Spring Festival
Rewards and Incentives
‧Overseas staff travel
‧Domestic staff travel
‧Year-end banquet Staff dinner 
 and birthday celebrations
Diversified recreational 
activities
‧Labor and health insurance as 
 prescribed by law
‧Employee group insurance
Sound Insurance System
‧Two days off per week
‧Statutory annual leave
‧Maternity, paternity, family,  
 and menstrual leaves as 
 prescribed by  law
Reasonable Leave
‧Birthday cash gift
‧New Year's gift certificate / 
 presents
‧Patent bonus
‧Meal vouchers for famous  
 restaurants
‧Wedding and childbirth cash 
 gift
‧Hospitalization allowance
‧Funeral subsidies (deceased  
 family members)
Diversified subsidies and 
allowances
‧Employee health checks
‧Breastfeeding (lactation) rooms
Employee Care
Employee benefits
Permanent (full-time) employees
Taiwan
Guangzhou Zhongshan Suzhou
Group accident insurance, labor/health 
insurance
V
V
V
V
Annual leave
V
V
V
V
Maternity leave
V
V
V
V
Parental leave
V
Wedding/funeral subsidies
V
V
V
V
Legally prescribed retirement system 
(Labor pension)
V
V
V
V
Benefits for the three major festivals 
(Bonuses/gift certificate/presents)
V
V
V
V
Year-end bonus
V
V
V
V
Regular health checks
V
V
V
V
Staff trips
V
V
V
V
Staff dinners
V
V
V
V
Year-end banquets/annual parties
V
V
V
   V
Home or car purchase subsidies
V
V
V
Scholarships for children of staff members
V
V
Family planning incentive leaves
V
V
V
Social Engagement
2022 Sustainability Report

74
 LOTES takes care of pregnant employees and complies with gender equality regulations at its Taiwan headquarters. It ensures the protection of the rights and benefits of pregnant 
employees by providing lactation rooms in the workplace and encouraging new parents to apply for parental leave. The company also makes appropriate adjustments to the work types 
and responsibilities of pregnant or postpartum female colleagues to reduce their workload. In the past three years, there have been no colleagues at LOTES who have applied for childcare 
leave.
Since the announcement of the Labor Pension Act on July 4, 2007, the Taiwan headquarters has provided the option for in-service colleagues who were already subject to the Labor 
Standards Act to choose between continuing with the Labor Standards Act pension or switching to the Labor Pension Act. Under the old system, in accordance with Article 56 of the Labor 
Standards Act, a regular contribution was made to the Labor Retirement Reserve Fund deposited in a designated account at the Taiwan Bank, which was managed and utilized by the 
Labor Pension Supervisory Committee. Under the new system, for colleagues covered by the new pension scheme, a monthly contribution of 6% of the colleague's salary is made to their 
individual retirement account. When the colleague meets the retirement conditions stipulated by the Labor Standards Act, they can withdraw the accumulated retirement pension from that 
account in a lump sum or in monthly installments.
For employees at the mainland production sites, once they have contributed to the pension insurance for a cumulative period of 15 years and have reached the statutory retirement 
age (currently 60 for men and 50 for women), they can proceed with the retirement procedures and receive the basic pension on a monthly basis. The government adjusts the amount of 
the basic pension periodically. Guangzhou and Zhongshan plants contribute 14% of the employee's social security base salary to the pension insurance each month, while Suzhou factory 
contributes 16% of the employee's social security base salary to the pension insurance.
 Zhongshan Plant-New plant building exterior
Production line environment
Office environment
Employee rest area 
Social Engagement

75
Employee cafeteria 
Internal Trainer Recognition
Level 4 mechanical equipment installation worker
Distribution of gifts for International Women's 
Day
Support to Xia-Bao Village during the pandemic
Employee basketball competition
Children's education assistance program
 Employee dormitories
Social Engagement
2022 Sustainability Report

76
As far as LOTES is concerned, constant personal growth of its employees is the key to corporate 
sustainability and training is one of the best method to ensure a constantly rising value of human capital. The 
Company therefore places high priority on employee training. LOTES' learning development strategy is based 
on on-the-job training which is paired with the four major dimensions of orientation training, functional 
training, hierarchical training, and personal development. A sound training system has been built by taking 
into consideration annual objectives, product development needs, and department objective management 
cards.
With a view to enhancing the professional skills of employees, Training Implementation Guidelines have 
been formulated in the context of internal personnel rules and regulations. Annual training plans are adopted 
and training objectives are implemented in accordance with the development needs of the Company. The 
goal is to prolong employee careers and enable the Company to reap the fruit of employee growth and 
progress. LOTES relies on internal training to pass on technologies and experiences to related departments 
and assist employees in determining their learning development direction and provide a reference for 
personal career planning.
Dedicated personnel instruct new hires on different internal rules and regulations and occupational 
safety concepts. Specialized training is provided by their respective department. LOTES actively encourages 
its employees to attend professional training courses within their scope of operations and with a focus on 
ongoing personal growth.
The Company provides diversified learning channels to enable employees to demonstrate their 
professionalism and realize their potential. Relevant departments devise training plans and implement 
training on an annual basis in accordance with their individual needs. Internal and external training represent 
the two main training categories. On-site internal training is delivered by instructors assigned by departments 
in accordance with their actual business needs. External training requires the submission of applications by 
departments based on their business needs. Upon approval, designated personnel may be dispatched to 
attend training courses organized by external institutions. Training participants are required to share their 
gained insights with their departments to enable related personnel to put acquired knowledge into practice.
In 2022, as the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic gradually 
subsided, LOTES began to resume employee training programs. In 
addition to conducting in-person courses, the company also introduced 
online courses to facilitate learning for employees without being limited 
by location.
Furthermore, the educational training programs in various LOTES 
facilities have historically focused on specific department categories and 
have not specifically targeted a particular gender for training. Overall, the 
average training hours per employee in 2022 showed significant growth in 
the Taiwan headquarters, while the other operating locations had relatively 
small differences compared to the previous year.
5.2.2 Talent Cultivation
Average employee training hours in 2022
Average training hours of direct staff
Average training hours of indirect staff
Note: Average employee training hours: (Total training hours / number  of  
           employees at the end of the year)*100%；Average employee training  
           hours in each category: (Total training hours in said category / number of 
           employees in said category) *100%. 
           The Zhongshan Plant was put into operation in 2021.
Note: Taiwan HQ employs no direct staff.
Staff training
Social Engagement
Taiwan
Suzhou
Guangzhou
Zhongshan
6.34
17.07
17.54
10.17
10.29
14.42
15.86
7.46
Male
Female
Suzhou
Guangzhou
Zhongshan
16.69
16.16
9.76
13.53
14.74
6.25
Male
Female
Taiwan
Suzhou
Guangzhou
Zhongshan
6.34
17.12
18.92
10.25
10.29
15.62
18.33
8.58
Male
Female

77
Two-way communication between labor and management gives employees a 
better understanding of the Company's operational goals, vision, and challenges and 
provides the management level with a timely grasp of employee work conditions. It is 
also conducive to creating a friendly work environment oriented towards the needs of 
employees. LOTES strictly abides by all applicable laws. Human resource management 
conforms to local labor laws at the Company's operating sites. In addition, Taiwan HQ 
regularly convenes labor-management meetings to coordinate labor-management 
relations and boost cooperation through regular communication and dialog. All LOTES 
plants in China encourage their employees to form trade unions to safeguard their rights 
and interests. Trade union membership in the Guangzhou, Zhongshan, and Suzhou Plants 
has reached 85%, 80%, and 66%, respectively. Union representatives hold regular meetings 
with the Company to communicate employee opinions, secure better salaries and working 
conditions, and raise the status of workers.
 LOTES has also set up diversified communication channels to enable employees 
to fully express their opinions in two-way communication settings. These channels also 
facilitate timely responses by the Company and conversion of suggestions into actually 
implemented policies. No labor-management disputes have occurred in recent years. 
The Taiwan headquarters did not experience any significant layoffs that would require 
reporting to local regulatory authorities within 60 days during that year.
5.2.3 Labor-Management Communication
Trade union membership in LOTES plants in China
Note: No trade union has been established at Taiwan HQ
●Provision of diversified labor-management communication channels such as a dedicated 
HR mailbox which serves as a channel for the filing of grievances on violations of equality at 
the workplace or infringement of employee rights and interests as well as phone numbers 
and e-mail addresses of immediate supervisors and scheduling of meetings to facilitate 
interactions and communication of opinions.
●Active participation by department heads in staff dinners and trips organized by the 
Company and the Employee Welfare Committee; smooth and effective communication is 
further ensured through interactions outside working hours.
●The plant espouses a spirit of respect for the dignity of work of its employees paired with 
the enhancement of overall competitiveness. It has multifaceted labor-management 
communication channels in place to ensure that its employees can make their voices heard 
and receive responses in a prompt manner. Feedback or suggestions can be provided at any 
time through various channels such as direct communication with supervisors and the trade 
union, a dedicated grievance hotline, phone calls, e-mails, and interviews.
●The monthly issued plant newsletter covers issues of concern to employees. Over 1000 
submissions by employees include reports on important matters, poems, and articles. This 
newsletter provides a platform for the plant's employees to unleash their talent and freely 
express their emotions.
●Creation of an employee grievance hotline: A total of 67 cases were communicated and 
coordinated through the Guangzhou and Zhongshan Plant grievance hotlines in 2022. 
Resignations, board and lodging, transportation, and other reasons accounted for 29%, 45%, 
15%, and 11% of all submitted grievances. Case closure rates reached 100%.
●The employee satisfaction survey for the year 2022 recorded a score of 7.95, which is 
comparable to the score of 7.96 in 2021.
●The plant has diversified and convenient two-way communication channels in place and has 
initiated planning for a general office. The management level has adopted management by 
wandering around (MBWA) to ensure obstacle-free communication between management 
and employees. In addition, the Company highly values the opinions of its employees and 
conducts annual employee satisfaction surveys to solicit their suggestions and opinions. 
Finally, employee representative forums serve as another avenue for the collection of a wide 
range of rank-and-file opinions.
●In addition to regular employee satisfaction surveys and employee representative forums, 
employees can make their voices heard by lodging complaints and submitting suggestions 
on life, work, or management related matters via phone, e-mail, physical suggestion boxes, 
and the grievance hotline at any time. 
●The employee satisfaction survey for the year 2022 resulted in a score of 8.2, which is an 
increase of 0.27 points compared to the score of 7.93 in 2021.
Taiwan HQ
Guangzhou & Zhongshan Plants
Suzhou Plant
Social Engagement
Suzhou
Guangzhou
Zhongshan
85%
80%
66%
2022 Sustainability Report

78
Adherence to national laws and regulations and customer requirements 
related to OHS.
Implementation of hazard identification and risk & opportunity management 
and realization of the goals of accident prevention and minimization of risks 
and hazards.
High emphasis on employee participation, provision of training and education, 
consultation and communication, and other methods to raise the EHS 
awareness of employees, suppliers, and contractors and guarantee of the 
safety of workers through safety installations in work environments.
Creation of high-quality, healthy workplaces with the aid of rolling risk 
management and autonomous health management by workers.
5.3 Occupational Health & Safety
Material topic: Occupational health and safety
Occupational health & safety policy and commitment
「Safety assurance. Risk management, Legal compliance, 
Ongoing improvements」
A healthy workplace culture and health & safety management are of vital importance. 
Management system operations and propagation of relevant concepts serve the purpose of 
effectively reducing potential risks and hazards, preventing accidents, safeguarding the mental 
and physical health of workers, and protecting company assets and operations.
●Tracking and review of OHS performance by the Occupational Health and Safety Committee 
    (OHS Committee) on a quarterly basis. 
●  Implementation of internal audits and management reviews within the ISO 45001 Occupational 
●Health and Safety Management System framework to ensure that OHS operations meet  
    relevant requirements.
●Annual certification audits by independent third-party bodies to ensure the continued 
   effectiveness of the system.
●In 2022, there were no significant occupational accidents reported in Taiwan, Guangzhou, 
    Zhongshan, and Suzhou plants.
●The Guangzhou and Zhongshan factories completed health examinations in 2022, and no 
    cases of occupational diseases or suspected occupational diseases were found.
●Completion of OSH target initiatives as scheduled in line with relevant quality criteria in 2022.
●  Responsible department: Environmental Safety.
●  Grievance mechanism:occupational safety hotline, staff mailbox
●  Implementation of the ISO 45001 Occupational Health and Safety Management System.
●  Raising of employee safety awareness through training and education.
●Implementation of employee health checks and health promotion programs to maintain the 
    physical and mental well-being of employees.
●Implementation of risk management and launch of target initiatives to ensure ongoing 
    improvement.
●Ongoing reviews of legal conformity to ensure compliance with applicable laws and 
   regulations.
Significance of occupational health & safety for LOTES
Assessment Mechanism
Performance in the respective year
Management Approach
LOTES has adopted and implemented the OHSAS 18001 and ISO 45001 
Occupational Health and Safety Management Systems. We are firmly committed 
to providing our customers with high-quality, safe products and services that meet 
all applicable laws, regulations, and standards. We also strive to realize the concept 
of friendly workplaces through all-out efforts in the field of occupational accident 
prevention and health promotion with the ultimate goal of fulfilling our corporate social 
responsibility.
LOTES has made a strong commitment to implementing labor health and safety 
and health promotion with a view to reducing the incidence of occupational accidents. 
This includes ongoing improvements of working environment safety and health, 
prevention of occupational injuries and diseases, and mitigation of hazards present in 
work environments in compliance with international norms and standards in the fields 
of OHS and social responsibility. We strive to create high-quality, safe, and healthy 
workplaces in conformity to labor health and safety laws and regulations.
We have made an unwavering pledge to realize employee care, health, and safety, 
fulfill our corporate social responsibility, and pursue corporate sustainability grounded 
in a steadfast belief that employee health and safety is a priceless asset.
Legal 
compliance
Risk 
management
Safety 
assurance
Ongoing 
improvements
Social Engagement

79
Chemical Poisoning Drill
Fire Evacuation and Emergency Drill
Enterprise Safety Training
Safety Training for Contracted Vendors
Summary of Safety and Health 
Activities
LOTES has set up an Occupational Health and Safety Committee (hereinafter referred to as “OHS Committee”) as required by law with 
the President serving as the chairperson. An Executive Secretary has also been appointed. The OHS Committee is composed of the department 
heads, OHS personnel, engineering technology personnel, plant nursing personnel, and labor representatives. Labor representatives which are 
selected from each unit exceed the legally prescribed quota of 1/3. 
The committee convenes every three months and is responsible for the deliberation and coordination of OHS-related matters and provision 
of recommendations. It also adopts resolutions on occupational accident investigation results, deliberates operating environment monitoring 
results, puts forward proposals on health management and health promotion, and appraises on-site health and safety management performance 
with the ultimate goal of preventing occupational accidents and guaranteeing the safety and health of work environments. Other concrete 
achievements in the field of worker participation, consultation, and communication can be summarized as follows:
 LOTES abides by local legal requirements and takes the initiative in enhancing the health and safety of its workers. Every plant has 
autonomously adopted an OHS management system. Both the Suzhou and Guangzhou Plants have passed the ISO 45001:2018 third-party 
certification. The OHS Management System encompasses all workers of the Company including regular and contract employees. Activities and 
scope of the OHS Management System are set out in relevant certificates (please refer to 2.2 ISO-related Certificates in this report).
 LOTES has adopted Hazard Identification and Control Procedures to ensure highly effective hazard identification and risk assessment 
operations. Process management encompasses identification and recording of health and safety hazards caused by Company activities, facilities, 
processes, and services (incl. suppliers, contractors, and subcontractors) by responsible personnel in each department. Detected hazards are 
recorded on a Checklist for Health and Safety-related Activities and Operations. Detailed descriptions are provided for energy sources, raw 
materials, machinery & equipment, and risk factors (unsafe behaviors and environments) of each operational process as well as danger sources 
and potential health and safety hazards for employees caused by activities conducted outside or in the vicinity of working areas. Hazard 
identification involves operational safety risks and arising safety risks affecting daily operations. Upon approval by the OSH Committee, adopted 
target plans for identified high risks are implemented accordingly by responsible units upon approval by the OHS Committee. Implementation 
effects are tracked in quarterly OHS Committee Meetings. 
The Company has further adopted Work Injury Management Guidelines and Employee Health and Safety Management Guidelines to 
implement accident investigation and management. Relevant operations include the recording of near misses and policies/ requirements 
governing workers removing themselves autonomously from work situations that are deemed to pose a significant risk of injury or disease. The 
reporting and handling procedures for work injury incidents are shown below. Work injury incident investigation results are reported in monthly 
safety meetings and posted on the internal website for educational purposes. The results of corrective actions adopted in the wake of such 
incidents are reviewed in quarterly OSH Committee meetings.
5.3.1 Worker Participation, Consultation, and Communication
5.3.2 OHS Management System
5.3.3 Hazard Identification, Risk Assessment, and Accident Investigation
√Convening of routine monthly safety meetings and execution of alternating audits and inspections of potential safety hazards 
on a monthly basis; the OHS Committee develops relevant systems and formulates corrective action strategies pursuant to 
relevant laws and regulations.
√All employees are required to undergo Class III safety training and sign a safety responsibility statement to ensure participation 
and joint preventive measures by all staff members.
Social Engagement
2022 Sustainability Report

80
 Occupational injury and disease statistics and analysis results for all plants are shown below. In 2022, there 
were no cases of death or occupational injury (incl. recordable occupational diseases) caused by occupational 
injuries. The main injury categories of the Guangzhou and Zhongshan Plants were machine and mold injuries, 
scratches caused by materials, and forklift injuries, while those of the Suzhou Plant were scratches, crush and 
pinch injuries, and collision injuries. The ultimate goal is to minimize the incidence of occupational diseases 
through hazard identification, work environment improvements, and ongoing implementation of safety training.
5.3.4 Analysis of Occupational Accident Statistics
Handling procedures for work injury incidents
Suzhou Plant-Employees- Occupational Injury and Disease Statistics
Guangzhou Plant-Employees Occupational Injury and Disease Statistics
Occurrence of a work injury incident
Safety specialist of the respective department contacts the security guard room at the 
main gate of the plant to dispatch a vehicle (or emergency use of a co-worker vehicle) 
to transport injured employees of the Guangzhou Plant to the nearest hospital or a 
hospital of his/her choice in the Nansha District.
Safety specialist of the respective department notifies HR (HR11) and the work injury 
specialists of the administration department (MM05, MM06) to create a record of the 
injury.
Hospital treatment (the department assigns personnel to accompany the patient as 
required based on the information in the diagnosis certificate; where such assignment is 
impossible, the hospital is requested to assign nursing personnel at the company's cost)
Work injury investigation
The respective department assists in the provision 
of required information and the work injury 
specialist of the Administration Department 
initiates the work injury confirmation procedures
Confirmation of corrective 
action taken in response to the 
work injury.
Case closure with the calculation and payment 
of work injury compensation by HR according to 
law.
Reporting of the incident in 
a routine supervisor meeting 
and review in a monthly safety 
director meeting.
Upon conclusion of the medical treatment 
period, the work injury specialist of the 
Administration Depar tment applies for 
reimbursement of medical expenses by the 
social insurance scheme and assists the injured 
employee in the application for the appraisal 
of his/her ability to work; injured employee 
proceeds to the responsible institution for 
appraisal
Statistics / Year
2020
2021
2022
Total man-hours
1,311,641
2,130,298
1,677,752
Fatal occupational injuries (Note 1)
Number
0
0
0
Ratio
0
0
0
Severe occupational injuries (Note 2)
Number
0
0
0
Ratio
0
0
0
Recordable occupational injuries (Note 3)
Number
2
10
12
Ratio
0.30
0.94
1.43 
Occupational diseases
Number
0
0
0
Ratio
0
0
0
Recordable occupational diseases (Note 3)
Number
0
0
0
Ratio
0
0
0
Statistics / Year
2020
2021
2022
Total man-hours
14,911,917
15,264,144
13,141,590
Fatal occupational injuries(Note 1)
Number
0
0
0
Ratio
0
0
0
Severe occupational injuries(Note 2)
Number
0
0
0
Ratio
0
0
0
Recordable occupational injuries (Note 3)
Number
11
7
14
Ratio
0.15
0.09
0.21 
Occupational diseases
Number
0　
0　
0　
Ratio
0
0
0
Recordable occupational diseases (Note 3)
Number
0
0
0
Ratio
0
0
0
There was no record of occupational injuries and diseases affecting non-employees at the Suzhou Plant in 2022
There was no record of occupational injuries and diseases affecting non-employees at the Guangzhou Plants in 2022
Social Engagement

81
Zhongshan Plant-Employees Occupational Injury and Disease Statistics
Suzhou Plant- 
Occupational Injury Categories
Zhongshan Plant - 
Occupational Injury Categories
Guangzhou Plant - 
Occupational Injury Categories
Statistics / Year
2020
2021
2022
Total man-hours
-
5,209,153
7,135,588
Fatal occupational injuries(Note 1)
Number
-
0
0
Ratio
-
0
0
Severe occupational injuries(Note 2)
Number
-
0
0
Ratio
-
0
0
Recordable occupational injuries 
(Note 3)
Number
-
0
2
Ratio
-
0
0.06 
Occupational diseases
Number
-
0
0
Ratio
-
0
0
Recordable occupational diseases 
(Note 3)
Number
-
0
0
Ratio
-
0
0
Statistics/Year
2020
2021
2022
Occupational
Injury
Categories
Scratches
0
3
4
Crush and pinch injuries
1
4
4
Collision injuries
0
1
0
Other
1
2
4
Statistics/Year
2020
2021
2022
Occupational
Injury
Categories
Machine injuries
-
0
1
Mold injuries
-
0
0
Scratches caused by materials
-
0
0
Forklift injuries
-
0
1
Statistics/Year
2020
2021
2022
Occupational
Injury
Categories
Machine injuries
6
6
9
Mold injuries
4
1
2
Scratches caused by materials
0
0
3
Forklift injuries
0
0
0
Since 2021, the Zhongshan factory has been included in performance disclosure. In 2022, there were two recorded occupational injury 
incidents among employees, one involving machine crushing and the other involving a forklift collision. There were no significant 
occupational injuries, recordable occupational injuries, or occupational diseases among non-employees.
Note 1: Ratios are calculated based on units of 1 million working hours.
Note 2: Severe occupational injuries: Occupational injuries resulting in death or disabling injuries that make restoration of pre-injury health 
status within six months difficult or impossible (fatalities should be eliminated from statistical data) 
Note 3: Recordable occupational injuries or diseases include any injuries or diseases associated with one of the following conditions: death, 
leaving of work stations, restricted work or transfer to other work stations, medical care beyond first aid, loss of consciousness, major 
injuries or diseases diagnosed by physicians or licensed medical care personnel (statistical data should include fatalities but exclude 
minor injuries treated on-site without professional assistance).
Note 4: The ratio of recordable occupational injuries is calculated as ollows:(Number of employees who have sustained recordable occupational 
injuries x200,000) /Total manhours worked.
In line with social and economic changes, the International Labor Organization 
(ILO) and World Health Organization (WHO) advocate workplace safety and 
labor health services as a fundamental right. LOTES is actively committed to planning, 
promotion, and implementation operations in the field of health issues in accordance 
with the intentions of the ILO and WHO and applicable laws and regulations. Relevant 
contents encompass the following three major dimensions: health services, health 
education, and healthy work environments. We provide education on disease 
prevention and health care and organize special health-related lectures, preventive 
healthcare counseling sessions, and employee health checks. Based on our unwavering 
commitment to safeguarding the well-being of our employees, we persist in our 
efforts to provide highly effective services in the field of health risk assessment, health 
management, health promotion, and assessments and recommendations regarding 
detected hazards in work environments. In addition, we strive to reinforce health 
education concepts with the ultimate goal of preventing impacts of health issues on 
work performance and implementing health care at workplaces.
With a view to putting a labor health service system into effect, implementing 
measures to safeguard the mental and physical well-being of employees, and imparting 
workplace health-related knowledge to our workers, we have adopted a care-oriented 
approach characterized by active planning, dissemination, and promotion of accurate 
health knowledge with the ultimate goal of building healthy, friendly, and LOHAS 
workplace environments. We strive to imbue our employees with positive health 
concepts, maintain their physical, mental, and spiritual well-being, and integrate 
workplace health into their daily lives to realize well-balanced family and work lives 
characterized by LOHAS.
5.3.5 Healthy Workplace Promotion
Social Engagement
2022 Sustainability Report

82
Healthy Workplace Activities in 2022
Healthy Workplace Activities highlights in 2022
Activity Item
Activity Purpose
Number of 
Participants
Guangzhou & 
Zhongshan plant 
Cycling Tour
All employees are encouraged and advised to actively engage 
in physical exercise to enrich and perfect their leisure lives, 
strengthen their physique, advocate low-carbon, eco-friendly 
lifestyles, and shape a health- and culture oriented corporate 
climate. Another goal is to provide all staff members with an 
excellent platform that facilitates interactions, exchanges, and 
building of relationships. In line with this spirit, LOTES organized 
this spring cycling eco-tour centered around the theme of 
unbridled cycling joy for all staff members.
42
Guangzhou & 
Zhongshan plant 
Table Tennis 
Competition
This competition was launched to enrich and perfect the leisure 
lives of all employees, enhance their physical fitness, encourage 
and motivate them to actively engage in physical exercise, 
and shape a health- and culture oriented corporate climate. 
Another goal was to provide all staff members with an excellent 
platform that facilitates interactions, exchanges, and building of 
relationships.
254 
Guangzhou & 
Zhongshan plant 
Badminton
Competition
This badminton competition was hosted against the backdrop of 
a rising emphasis on nationwide fitness to create a platform for 
healthy, relaxed, and joyful exchanges and interactions, enhance 
staff cohesion, and provide a competitive arena for badminton 
lovers with entertainment and friendly competition as the two top 
priorities.
298
Guangzhou 
& Zhongshan 
plant Tug-of-War 
Competition
This competition was organized to enrich the free-time cultural 
activities of all staff members and strengthen intra-departmental 
cohesion and team spirit.
360
Guangzhou 
& Zhongshan 
plant Basketball 
Tournament
This tournament was held to enrich the free-time activities of all 
staff members, create a climate conducive to physical activities, 
strengthen intra-departmental cohesion, demonstrate vigor, 
vitality, and passion for competition, and promote a harmonious 
and energetic atmosphere at the workplace.
388
Guangzhou & 
Zhongshan plant 
Team Building 
Activity
To enhance employees' teamwork spirit and team consciousness. 
By assigning clear roles and promoting collaboration, the team's 
problem-solving abilities when facing challenges together 
are improved. This cultivates a sense of cooperation among 
team members, enabling them to achieve common goals more 
effectively and efficiently.
190
Guangzhou 
& Zhongshan 
plant Fishing 
Competition
This fishing competition served the purpose of enriching the 
leisure lives of all staff members
90
Cycling Tour
Flower arrangement activity for the labor 
union
Flower arrangement activity for 
the labor union
Xia-Bao Village youth group's visit to Suzhou 
with tangyuan
Commemoration of opening ceremony 
with red envelopes and lucky draw event
Social Engagement

83
OSH Competition Highlights
Health Management
Occupational Health Check-ups highlights in 2022
The Company administers annual occupational health checks and schedules 
health exams of specific items. Management based on risk ranking is implemented for 
employees with abnormal health check results. Health management measures include 
individual health guidance, reinforced disease-related health education, follow-up 
checkup tracking, and ongoing management of employee health.
Social Engagement
2022 Sustainability Report

84
LOTES and all its operating sites have excellent interactions 
with local social groups. Through engagement in various public 
welfare activities, the Company increases its approval rating in local 
communities. In addition to creating brand value, the Company is 
committed to fulfilling its corporate social responsibility.
5.4 Social Engagement
As a corporate citizen, LOTES has mutual relations and interactions and different degrees 
of mutual dependence with employees, local community residents, and other stakeholders. 
LOTES embraces participation in local community and welfare activities as one of its core 
missions. In addition to increasing our brand value and creating an excellent corporate image, 
we are firmly committed to maintaining close interactions with local social groups to increase 
our approval rating.
●Department in charge of management and complaints/grievances: Administration 
 Department
●In the field of social concern, LOTES assesses its impact on local communities and embraces 
adequate hiring of local workers as a key policy to increase the level of approval by local 
communities. We strive to boost community development through commercial activities, 
donations in kind or other charitable services, or participation in activities organized by 
NGOs, charity organizations, and local government agencies to foster social development 
and community education.
●In response to the initiative by the Guangfu 
Church of the Baptist Convention, we donated 
NT$100,000 to support the Hope Elementary 
School in India.
●Contributed NT$160,000 to the Keelung City 
Government for low-income households.
●Sponsored NT$20,000 to the Zhilun Volunteer 
Service Association in Keelung City for providing 
meals to the elderly.
Enthusiastically sponsoring local elderly activities: NT$200,250 to Bantou Village, NT$133,500 
to Niaozhou Village, NT$44,500 to Liudong Village, and NT$44,500 to Guanglong Village.
●Sponsoring local elderly activities: NT$44,500 to Jiemin Village.
●Donating NT$890,000 to the Red Cross Society of Zhongshan City.
●Donating epidemic prevention supplies to the Red Cross Society of Zhongshan City, 
 equivalent to NT$135,000.
●Donating NT$53,400 to Xiangcheng District Charity Association.
●Community volunteer service: Getting close to Yongchangjing Huayuan, caring for the 
elderly, and spreading warmth.
●Actively responding to the government's call for epidemic prevention, supporting nucleic 
acid sampling.
Importance of Social Engagement for LOTES
Operation Mode
Taiwan HQ Achievements
Guangzhou Plant
Zhongshan Plant
Suzhou Plant
Note: RMB amounts have been converted at a rate of 1 RMB to 4.5 NTD
Note: RMB amounts have been converted at a rate of 1 RMB to 4.5 NTD
Note: RMB amounts have been converted at a rate of 1 RMB to 4.5 NTD
Social Engagement

85
★ Denotes Material Topics
Appendix 1. GRI Content Index
 Topic
 Disclosure
Description
Section
Page
Reasons for omission/Necessary explanations
GRI 2: General Disclosures 2021
Organizational and Reporting 
Practices
2-1
Detailed information about the organization
2.1Company Profile
13
2-2
Entities included in the organization's sustainability report
Editorial policy
3
2-3
Report period, frequency, and contact person
Editorial policy
3
2-4
Information restatement
Editorial policy
3
2-5 
External Assurance
Editorial policy
3
Activities and Workers
2-6
Activities, value chain, and other business relationships
"2.1Company Profile 
2.1.1Organizational Structure"
13 
14
2-7
Employee
5.1.2Employee Statistics
67
2-8
Non-employee workers
-
-
N/A / LOTES does not have non-employee workers
Governance
2-9
Governance structure and composition
3.1Governance Practices
20
2-10
Nomination and selection of the highest governance
3.1.1Board Operation
22
2-11
Chair of the highest governance body
3.1.1Board operation
22
2-12
The role of the highest governance body in overseeing impact management
"1.1Sustainability Committee 
3.1.1Board Operation"
6 
22
2-13
Impact management leader
1.1Sustainability Committee
6
2-14
The role of the highest governance body in sustainability reporting
1.1Sustainability Committee
6
2-15
Conflict of interest
3.1.1Board Operation
22
2-16
Communication of key significant events
3.1.1Board Operation
22
2-17
Collective intelligence of the top governance body
3.1.1Board Operation
22
2-18
Performance evaluation of the highest governance body
3.1.1Board Operation
22
2-19
Compensation policy
3.1.2  Functional Committee Operations
24
2-20
Compensation determination process
3.1.2  Functional Committee Operations
24
2-21
Annual total compensation ratio
-
-
Confidentiality Agreement / Compensation is considered
confidential information of the company
Strategy, Policies, and Practices
2-22
Statement of sustainable development strategy
Message from the Chairman
1
2-23
Policy commitments
"4.3 Supply Chain Management 
5.1.1Human Rights Policy"
59 
65
2-24
Incorporation of policy commitments
"4.3Supply chain management 
5.1.1Human rights policy"
59 
65
2-25
Remediation procedures for adverse impacts
-
-
N/A / No incidents occurred at LOTES during the year
2-26
Mechanism for seeking advice and raising concerns
"1.3Stakeholder Communication 
3.1.4Human Rights Policy"
8 
27
2-27
Compliance with laws and regulations
3.3Human Rights Policy
31
2-28
Membership qualification of public associations
2.3Participation in External Organizations
18
Appendix
Statement of use
LOTES has reported in accordance with the GRI guidelines for the period from January 1 to December 31, 2022
GRI 1 used
GRI 1: Foundation 2021
Applicable GRI industry standards
Not applicable GRI industry standards:
LOTES is a listed electronic component company in Taiwan
2022 Sustainability Report

86
Appendix
 Topic
 Disclosure
Description
Section
Page
Reasons for omission/Necessary explanations
GRI 2: General Disclosures 2021
Stakeholder Engagement
2-29
Stakeholder engagement Policy
1.3Stakeholder communication
8
2-30
Collective agreement
5.2.3 Labor-Management Communication
77
GRI 3: Material Topics 2021
Material Topics
3-1
Process for determining Material Topics
1.4 Identification of Material Topics
10
3-2
Material Topics list
1.4Identification of material topics
10
Economic aspect
  Financial Performance  
GRI 201：Financial 
Performance 2016
 201-1  
Direct economic value generated and distributed by the organization
3.4 Operational Performance 
32
 201-2  
Financial impacts of climate change and other risks and opportunities
4.4Climate Change Management
62
 201-3  
Definition of obligations for welfare plans and other retirement Plans
5.2.1 Salary & Benefits
71
  Market Position
GRI 202：Market Position 
2016  
 202-1  
The ratio of standard salaries for grassroots employees of different genders to the local 
minimum wage
5.2.1 Salary & Benefits
71
 202-2
Percentage of high-level management positions filled by local residents
5.1.2Employee Statistics
67
  Procurement Practices
GRI 204：Procurement 
Practices 2016
 204-1 
Percentage of procurement expenditure from local suppliers
4.3Supply Chain Management
59
     ★Business Ethics
GRI 3: Material Topics 2021
 3-3
Management of Material Topics
3.1.4 Ethics & Integrity
27
LOTES customized Material 
Topics
Integrity-1
No incidents of employee misconduct occurred during the fiscal year.
3.1.4 Ethics & Integrity
27
   ★Legal Compliance
GRI 3: Material Topics 2021
 3-3
Management of Material Topics
3.3 Legal Compliance
31
LOTES customized Material 
Topics
Legal 
Compliance-1 No records of non-compliance with local laws were reported during the fiscal year.
3.3 Legal Compliance
31
     ★Customer service
GRI 3: Material Topics 2021
 3-3
Management of Material Topics
3.5.3 Customer Relations
37
LOTES customized Material 
Topics
Customer 
service-1
Customer satisfaction survey scores for the fiscal year.
3.5.3 Customer Relations
37
     ★Product Safety and Liability
GRI 3: Material Topics 2021
 3-3
Management of Material Topics
3.5.1Product Advantages
34
LOTES customized Material 
Topics
 Product 
safety-1
No violations of regulations or customer product safety incidents occurred during the fiscal 
year
3.5.1Product Advantages
34
    ★Information security
GRI 3: Material Topics 2021
 3-3
Management of Material Topics
3.6Information Security
38
LOTES customized Material 
Topics
Information 
Security-1
No information security incidents occurred during the fiscal year
3.6Information Security
38

87
 Topic
 Disclosure
Description
Section
Page
Reasons for omission/Necessary explanations
Environmental aspect
  ★Energy
GRI 3: Material Topics 2021
 3-3
Management of material topics
4.1 Energy Resource Management
43
GRI 302：Energy 2016
 302-1
Organizational energy consumption
4.1 Energy Resource Management
43
 302-2
External energy consumption of the organization
--
-
Incomplete information on external energy 
consumption. External energy consumption, 
including upstream and downstream value 
chain, and external fuel and electricity 
consumption data are unavailable.
 302-3
Energy intensity
4.1 Energy Resource Management
43
 302-4
Reducing Energy Consumption
4.1 Energy Resource Management
43
 302-5
Reduce energy demand of products and services
4.1 Energy Resource Management
43
  ★Emissions
GRI 3: Material Topics 2021
 3-3
Management of material topics
4.1 Energy Resource Management
43
GRI 305: Emissions 2016
 305-1
Direct (Scope 1) greenhouse gas emissions
4.1 Energy Resource Management
43
 305-2
Indirect (Scope 2) greenhouse gas emissions
4.1 Energy Resource Management
43
 305-3
Other indirect (Scope 3) greenhouse gas emissions
4.1 Energy Resource Management
43
 305-4
Greenhouse gas emission intensity
4.1 Energy Resource Management
43
 305-5  
Greenhouse gas emission reduction
4.1 Energy Resource Management
43
 305-6
Emissions of substances that deplete the ozone layer
--
-
N/A
 305-7
NOx、Sox, Emissions of other significant gases
--
-
N/A
   ★Waste
GRI 3: Material Topics 2021
 3-3
Management of material topics
4.2 Waste Management
57
GRI 306: Waste 2020 
Management Approach
 306-1
Generation of waste and significant impacts related to waste
4.2 Waste Management
57
 306-2
Management of significant impacts related to waste
4.2 Waste Management
57
GRI 306: Waste 2020
 306-3
Generation of waste
4.2 Waste Management
57
 306-4
The disposal and transfer of waste
4.2 Waste Management
57
 306-5
The direct disposal of waste
4.2 Waste Management
57
   ★Supplier Environmental Assessment
GRI 308: Supplier Environmental 
Assessment 2016
 308-1
Adopting environmental standards to screen new suppliers
4.3 Supply Chain Management
59
 308-2
The negative environmental impacts of the supply chain and the actions taken to address them
4.3 Supply Chain Management
59
Social aspects
  ★Employment
GRI 3: Material Topics 2021
 3-3
Management of material topics
5.2 Optimal Utilization of Talent
71
GRI 401: Employment 2016
 401-1 
New hires and Departing employees
5.1.2Employee Statistics
67
 401-2 
Benefits provided to full-time employees (excluding temporary or part-time employees)
5.2.1Salary & Benefits
67
 401-3 
Maternity leave
5.2.1Salary & Benefits
67
salary
Disclosure should include the number of full-time employees not in managerial positions, 
the average and median salaries of full-time employees not in managerial positions, and the 
differences in these figures compared to the previous year          
5.2.1Salary & Benefits
67
Appendix
2022 Sustainability Report

88
 Topic
 Disclosure
Description
Section
Page
Reasons for omission/Necessary explanations
Social aspects
  Labor/Management Relations
GRI 402：Labor/Management 
Relations 2016
402-1
minimum notice period for operational changes
5.2.3Labor-Management Communication
77
    ★Occupational Health and Safety 
GRI 3: Material Topics 2021
 3-3
Management of Material Topics
5.3Occupational Health & Safety
78
GRI 403：Occupational Health 
and Safety 2018
 403-1
Occupational health and safety management system
5.3Occupational Health & Safety
78
 403-2 
Hazard identification, risk assessment, and incident investigation
5.3Occupational Health & Safety
78
 403-3
Occupational health services
5.3Occupational Health & Safety
78
 403-4  
Worker participation, consultation, and communication on occupational health and safety
5.3Occupational Health & Safety
78
 403-5
Training of workers on occupational health and safety
5.3Occupational Health & Safety
78
 403-6
Worker health promotion
5.3Occupational Health & Safety
78
 403-7
Preventing and mitigating the occupational health and safety impacts directly associated
 with business operations
5.3Occupational Health & Safety
78
GRI 403：Occupational Health 
and Safety 2018
 403-9
Occupational injuries
5.3Occupational Health & Safety
78
 403-10
Occupational disease
5.3Occupational Health & Safety
78
   Training and Education
GRI 404：Training and 
Education 2016
 404-1 
Average number of training hours per employee per year
5.2.2 Talent Cultivation
76
     Diversity and Equal Opportunity for Employees
GRI 405: Diversity and Equal 
Opportunity for Employees 
2016
 405-1 
Diversity of governance bodies and employees
3.1.1 Board Operations 
5.1.2 Employee Statistics
22 
71
 405-2
The ratio of basic salary and wage increases for females to males
5.2.1 Salary & Benefits
71
    Supplier Social Assessment 2016
GRI 414：Supplier Social 
Assessment 2016
 414-1
creening new suppliers using social criteria
4.3 Supply Chain Management
59
 414-2
Negative social impacts in the supply chain and actions taken  
4.3 Supply Chain Management
59
     Marketing and Labeling
GRI 417: Marketing and 
Labeling 2016"
 417-2
Incidents of non-compliance with regulations on product and service information and 
labeling
3.3 Legal Compliance
31
No violations of any product labeling 
regulations occurred during the year
 417-3 
Incidents of non-compliance with regulations on marketing and communications
3.3 Legal Compliance
31
No violations of any marketing and communication 
regulations occurred during the year
      Customer Privacy
GRI 418: Customer Privacy 
2016
 418-1 
Complaints substantiated for infringement of customer privacy or loss of customer data
3.5.3Customer Relations
37
No customer privacy infringements 
occurred during the year
Appendix

89
External Verification Statement
Appendix
 
 
Page 1 of 2 
 
Independent Assurance Statement Based on 2022 Sustainability  
Report of Lotes Co., Ltd. 
 
                                                                    Statement No.:2306011 
 
Lotes Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as LOTES) and GREAT International Certification Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as GREAT) 
are independent companies and organizations. Except for the evaluation and verification of the LOTES's 2022 sustainability report, 
GREAT has no financial relationship with LOTES.  
 
The purpose of this independent assurance statement (hereinafter referred to as the Statement) is only to serve as the conclusion 
of assurance the relevant matters within the scope defined in the following relevant LOTES’s Sustainability Report, and not for 
other purposes. Except for the independent assurance statement for fact verification, GREAT does not bear or assume any relevant 
legal or other responsibilities for the use of other purposes, or anyone who reads this independent assurance statement.  
 
This independent assurance statement is based on the conclusions made by the relevant information verification provided by 
LOTES to GREAT. Therefore, the scope of the review is based on and limited to the content of the information provided. GREAT 
believes that the information content is complete, accurate and precise. Any questions about the content of this independent 
assurance statement or related matters will be answered by LOTES.  
 
The Scope of Assurance 
The verification scope of LOTES and GREAT agreement includes:  
- 
The contents of the entire sustainability report and all operating performance of LOTES from January 1, 2022 to December 
31, 2022; 
- 
According to the type 1 of application of AA1000 Assurance Standard v3, evaluate the nature and degree of LOTES’s 
compliance with the AA1000 Accountability Principles (2018), excluding the verification of the reliability of the 
information/data disclosed in the sustainability report  
- 
This Statement is made in Chinese and translated into English for reference. 
 
Verification Opinion 
We summarize the content of LOTES 's sustainability report, and provide a fair opinion of LOTES 's related operations and performance. 
We believe that the specific performance indicators of LOTES in 2022, such as economy, society, environment and corporate 
governance, are presented correctly. The performance indicators disclosed in the report demonstrate LOTES 's expectations and efforts 
to identify and satisfy stakeholders.  
 
Our verification work is carried out by a group of teams with verification capabilities according to the AA1000 Assurance Standard 
v3, as well as the planning and execution of this part of the work to obtain the necessary information data and instructions. We 
believe that the evidence provided by LOTES is sufficient to show that its reporting method and self-declaration in accordance with 
the AA1000 Assurance Standard v3 and its 2018 appendix are in line with the core options of the GRI Sustainability Reporting 
Guidelines. 
 
Verification method  
To gather the evidence relevant to the conclusions we performed the following: 
- 
To conduct a senior management review of issues from external groups related to LOTES 's corporate policies to confirm the 
appropriateness of the Statement in this report; 
- 
To discuss with the manager of LOTES about the way of stakeholder participation, and have no direct contact with external 
stakeholders;  
- 
To interview with employees related to the preparation of the sustainability report and information provision; 
- 
To audit the performance data of LOTES on a sampling basis; 
- 
To review the supporting evidence declared in the report;  
- 
To Review the process management of the principles of inclusivity, materiality, responsiveness and impact described in the 
company report and its related AA1000 Accountability Principles (2018). 
- 
 
Conclusion 
The results of a detailed review of the AA1000 Accountability Principles (2018) for inclusivity, materiality, responsiveness, impact 
and GRI sustainability reporting standards are as follows:  
 
 
Page 2 of 2 
 
- Inclusivity 
LOTES has established a process of cooperation with major stakeholders, including employees, customers, investors, 
suppliers, community, government agencies and financial institutions, etc., and will launch a series of stakeholder activities 
in 2022, involving economic, social and the environment and a series of major themes. In our professional opinion, this 
report covers the inclusivity issues of LOTES . 
- Materiality 
 
The report has stated that LOTES focuses on economic, social and environmental topics, and identified 10 major topics 
including information security, business ethics, regulations compliance, energy management, waste management, 
greenhouse gas emissions, product safety and liability, customer service, employment relations, occupational health and 
safety, etc. In our professional opinion, this report appropriately covers the materiality issues of LOTES. 
- Responsiveness 
 
LOTES responds to requests and opinions from stakeholder. Implementation methods include numerous internal and 
external stakeholder communication mechanisms, as an opportunity to provide further responses to stakeholders, and to 
promptly respond to stakeholder concerns. In terms of our professional opinions, this report covers the responsive issues of 
LOTES. 
-Impact 
 
LOTES has identified and fairly demonstrated its impact with balanced and effective measurement and disclosure. LOTES has 
established a process for monitoring, measuring, evaluating and managing impacts, which helps to achieve more effective 
decision-making and results management within the organization. In terms of our professional opinions, this report covers 
the impact issues of LOTES.  
-GRI Guidelines  
 
LOTES provides the self-declaration of compliance with the GRI Sustainability Reporting Standards and relevant information. 
Based on the results of the review, we confirm that the report refers to the social responsibility and sustainability of the GRI 
Sustainability Reporting Standards. Relevant disclosure items for developments have been disclosed, partially disclosed, or 
omitted. In terms of our professional opinions, this self-declaration covers LOTES 's social responsibility and sustainability 
themes.  
 
Assurance level  
According to the AA1000 Assurance Standard v3 and its 2018 Appendix, we have verified that this Statement is a moderate level 
of assurance, as described in the scope and methods of this Statement. 
 
Responsibility 
The statement of opinion in this Independent Assurance Statement is for the use of LOTES. Our responsibility is solely to provide 
professional opinions and provide stakeholders with an independent statement of assurance based on the scope and methods 
described.  
 
Ability and Independence 
GREAT is composed of experts in various management system fields. The verification team is composed of members with 
professional background, who have received training in a series of sustainable development, environmental and social 
management standards such as AA1000AS v3, ISO 9001, ISO 14001 and ISO 45001, and are qualified as lead auditors.  
 
On behalf of the assurance team  
 JUNE 27th, 2023 
GREAT International Certification Co., Ltd. 
Taiwan, Republic of China 
                                                    
 
 
                                       
Signed by General Manager 
W. J. Chen 
2022 Sustainability Report

90
LOTES belongs to the SASB industry classification of Technology & Communications / Hardware
Disclosure according to Appendix 1-12 of the Operating Procedures for the Preparation and Submission of Sustainability Reports by Listed Companies by LOTES
Appendix 3, Sustainability Accounting Standards
Appendix 4: Sustainability Disclosure Indicators for the Electronic Components Industry
SASB Sustainability Accounting Standards - Technology & Communications / Hardware
Indicator Code
Corresponding sections
Remarks
Product Safety
Methods for identifying and resolving data security risks in products
TC-HW-230a.1
Our company's products are institutional products and do not have 
any data security-related risks
Employee Diversity and Inclusion
The ratio of management and all other employees by gender and racial/ethnic groups
TC-HW-330a.1
5.1.2Employee Statistics
Partial disclosure
Product Life Cycle
The percentage of revenue from products that include substances reportable under IEC 62474
TC-HW-410a.1
Our company's products are 100% compliant with IEC 62474 
declaration of regulated substances
Partial disclosure
The percentage of revenue from products that are compliant with EPEAT registration requirements or 
qualified under equivalent criteria
TC-HW-410a.2
N/A
The percentage of revenue from products that comply with ENERGY STAR requirements
TC-HW-410a.3
N/A
The weight and percentage of recycled or disposed products and electronic waste
TC-HW-410a.4
4.2Waste Management
Partial disclosure
Supply Chain Management
The percentage of first-tier suppliers undergoing RBA (VAP) audits or equivalent audits in relation to the 
supplier categories
TC-HW-430a.1
4.3Supply Chain Management
Partial disclosure
The percentage of non-compliant suppliers at the first-tier (1) who did not pass the RBA (VAP) audit or 
equivalent audit, and the rate of improvement in addressing the identified audit findings
TC-HW-430a.2
4.3Supply Chain Management
Partial disclosure
Material Procurement
Describing the risk management associated with the use of critical materials
TC-HW-440a.1
3.5.1 Product Advantages
Partial disclosure
Number
Indicator
Type of 
Indicator
Annual disclosure status
Unit
Remarks
1
Total energy consumption, percentage of purchased electricity, and renewable energy utilization rate.
Quantify
4.1 Energy Resource Management
Billion joules (GJ), percentage (%).
2
Total water intake and total water consumption
Quantify
All water consumption is for domestic use, and no process 
water is used. Not disclosed for the current year
Thousand Cubic meters (m³). 
3
Weight of hazardous waste generated and percentage of recovery
Quantify
4.2 Waste Management
Metric tons (t), percentage (%)
4
Description of occupational accident categories, number, and rates
Quantify
5.3 Occupational Health & Safety
Percentage (%), quantity.
5
Disclosure of product lifecycle management: including the weight of scrapped products and electronic waste, as 
well as the percentage of recycling (Note 1)
Quantify
4.2 Waste Management
Metric tons (t), percentage (%)
6
Description of risk management related to the use of critical materials
Qualitative 
description
3.5.1 Product Advantages 
4.3Supply Chain Management
N/A
7
Total monetary losses resulting from legal proceedings related to anti-competitive behavior regulations
Quantify
No violations of anti-competitive regulations occurred, with 
zero monetary losses
Reporting currency
8
Primary product output by product category
Quantify
3,687,263 thousand PCS of connectors and cables
Varies by product type
Note 1: Including the sale of scrap materials or other recycling processes, relevant explanations should be provided. 
Note 2: Key materials include but are not limited to cobalt, fluorite, gallium, germanium, graphite, indium, magnesium, niobium, tantalum, and tungsten; platinum group metals (platinum, palladium, iridium, osmium, rhodium); and rare earth  
              elements, including yttrium, scandium, lanthanum, and lanthanide elements (cerium, praseodymium, neodymium, promethium, samarium, europium, gadolinium, terbium, dysprosium, holmium, erbium, thulium, ytterbium, lutetium).
Appendix

91
Based on the regulations for preparing and reporting sustainability reports by listed companies, LOTES discloses the following information in accordance with Annex 2:
Appendix Five: Climate-related Information of Listed Companies
Subject
Report Disclosure Sections
1. Describe the oversight and governance of climate-related risks and opportunities by the Board of Directors and management.
4.4 Climate Change Management
3. Explanation of the impact of extreme weather events and transition actions on finances.
4.4 Climate Change Management
3. Explanation of the impact of extreme weather events and transition actions on finances.
4.4 Climate Change Management
4. Explanation of climate risk identification, assessment, and management processes into overall risk management system.
4.4 Climate Change Management
5. If utilizing scenario analysis to assess resilience against climate change risks, the report should provide details on the scenarios, parameters, assumptions, analysis factors, and key financial  
    impacts utilized in the analysis.
4.4 Climate Change Management
6. If there is a transformation plan in place to manage climate-related risks, an explanation of the plan's content, as well as the indicators and objectives used to identify and manage physical  
    risks and transition risks should be provided.
4.4 Climate Change Management
7. If internal carbon pricing is used as a planning tool, the foundation of price-setting should be explained.
Internal carbon pricing has not been implemented yet
8. If climate-related targets are set, the following information should be provided: the activities covered, scope of greenhouse gas emissions, planning timeframe, and annual progress towards  
    achieving the targets. If carbon offsetting or the use of Renewable Energy Certificates (RECs) is employed to meet the objectives, the source and quantity of the offset emissions or the  
    number of RECs should be specified.
4.4 Climate Change Management
9. Greenhouse gas inventory and assurance status
4.4 Climate Change Management
Scope 1
Total emissions
(metric tons of CO2e)
Density
(Metric tons of CO2e /  thousand dollars)
Assurance agency
Assurance Status Description (Verification Certificate)
Taiwan HQ
--
--
--
https://www.lotes.cc/data/environment/attached/1673568561039480571.pdf
https://www.lotes.cc/data/environment/attached/1665648470069353315.pdf
https://www.lotes.cc/data/environment/attached/1665648517835485408.pdf
Suzhou Plant
944.31
0.0366
SGS
Guangzhou Plant
1,747.17
0.0645
SGS
Zhongshan Plant
695.45
0.0257
SGS
Scope 2
Total emissions
(metric tons of CO2e)
Density
(Metric tons of CO2e /  thousand dollars)
Assurance agency
Taiwan HQ
--
--
--
Suzhou Plant
5,021.07
0.1853
SGS
Guangzhou Plant
19,307.21
0.7125
SGS
Zhongshan Plant
15,106.97
0.5575
SGS
Scope 3
Total emissions
(metric tons of CO2e)
Density
(Metric tons of CO2e /  thousand dollars)
Assurance agency
Taiwan HQ
--
--
--
Suzhou Plant
829.02
0.0306
SGS
Guangzhou Plant
44,133.31
1.6286
SGS
Zhongshan Plant
42,493.54
1.5681
SGS
Note: The Taiwan headquarters is categorized as an office facility and will complete a greenhouse gas inventory by 2025 to proactively comply with regulatory requirements
Appendix
2022 Sustainability Report

No.15, Wusyun Street, Anle District, 
Keelung City, 20446 Taiwan
Tel：02 24331110
https://www.lotes.cc/
LOTES CO., LTD.
