HannsTouch Holdings Company
2022 ESG Report
2023 HannsTouch Solution Inc. is oﬃcially renamed as HannsTouch Holdings Company In June

1
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc. 
Special issue
Letter from the Chairperson
Contents of the Report
Sustainable Highlights
Sustainable Management
Chapter 1  About Us
Chapter 2  Corporate Governance
Chapter 3  Supply Chain Management
Chapter 4  Environmental Protection
Chapter 5  Common Good of Community
Appendix 
2
6
7
9
10
17
29
47
56
75
108
Contents 

2
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc. 
Received The National Enterprise Environmental Protection Award With National 
Level Sustainable Competitiveness
Special issue
Established in 1999 with the vision of “Being the best partner in the smart life of mankind”, HannsTouch focuses on the research and development of touch applications and TFT backplane solu-
tions, and is committed to establishing product advantages through strategic innovation and resource integration. In 2022, HannsTouch won the Bronze Award of the Manufacturing Industry Group 
of the Fourth National Enterprise Environmental Protection Award from the Environmental Protection Administration of the Executive Yuan. This national level certification of sustainable competi-
tiveness is a recognition and encouragement for our continuous commitment to environmental protection and sustainable development. Based on risk control, pollution prevention, full commit-
ment and continuous improvement, HannsTouch adheres to promoting the HSE system, and implements the inventory of greenhouse gas carbon footprint. It is committed to waste reduction and 
energy reuse, actively eliminating hazardous factors in the workplace, promoting the physical and mental health of colleagues, and reducing environmental pollution and risk of harm.

3
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc. 
Environmental Policy and Management
HannsTouch has developed relevant strategies and short, medium, and long-term strategic plans. We have obtained relevant environmental management labels and third-party verification, such 
as obtaining ISO14001 certification in 2001 and completing the conversion of ISO45001 Occupational Safety and Health Management System in 2020. Our company adheres to the spirit of P-D-C-A, 
follows relevant government laws and regulations on Environmental protection and Labor Safety and Health, and promotes various Environmental security works to achieve the goal of environ-
mental protection and sustainable development of the enterprise.
We also extended our ESG commitment to our business partners by promoting green supply chain. All of our purchased raw materials comply with the EU RoHS 2.0 directive and the EU REACH 
SVHC high concern substance control requirements. Through the green information management platform of supply chains, risk control is conducted to ensure product materials meet the envi-
ronmental standards. We also established a complete supply chain management standard and implemented regular supplier evaluation, with a qualification rate of 100%. We have also conducted 
due diligence on conflict minerals of metal material suppliers, with a compliance mineral utilization rate of 100%.
Category
2030(Short-term)
2040(Mid-term)
2050(Long-term)
SDGs Corresponding project
HannsTouch Short, Medium, and Long-Term Environmental Objectives
54,981.570(reduction in carbon 
equivalent per metric ton per year)
 30%
39,272.550(reduction in carbon 
equivalent per metric ton per year)
50%
15,709.020(reduction in carbon 
equivalent per metric ton per year)
80%
Emission reduction(GHG)
80,110,080(degree/year)
Reduced by  10%
71,208,960(degree/year)
Reduced by  20%
62,307,840(degree/year)
Reduced by  30%
Energy saving
666.357(ton/year)
Reduced by  70%
1,110.595(ton/year)
Reduced by  50%
888.476(ton/year)
Reduced by  60%
Waste reduction(Waste)
Water conservation
300~400 M
3/day
400~500 M
3/day
500~600 M
3/day

4
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc. 
Energy and Resource Conservation
In terms of water resource conservation, HannsTouch actively promotes wa-
ter resource conservation measures. In 2021, we launched the "OWW-RO CIP 
automatic cleaning" and "A/A general acid-base wastewater recovery", which 
effectively reducing scale accumulation in the organic recovery water system, 
improving the organic recovery water rate, and significantly saving tap water 
usage. In terms of energy conservation, the company has promoted multiple 
energy-saving and power saving measures, including improvement of public 
equipments, production line energy-saving, lighting energy-saving, office 
and other energy-saving measures. These measures included ventilation and 
temperature improvement in the air compressor room, adjustment of MAU 
operating parameters, and addition of frequency converters for pure water 
Raw Water Pump, in order to effectively reduce the generation of greenhouse 
gas emissions in category 1. In addition, the company has also promoted mea-
sures to reduce or recycle raw materials in the process, such as adding acid 
control instruments to set process parameters for etching solution concentra-
tion allocation, thereby extending the etching solution replacement cycle to 
reduce the amount of etching solution used. This not only reduces the use of 
etching solution, but also reduces the discharge of waste liquid.
Effect of Pollution Prevention and Reduction
HannsTouch actively promotes pollution prevention and reduction measures to ensure that production has both environmental benefits. In terms of air pollutants, our factory has 
set up Continuous Emission Monitoring Systems (CEMS) to monitor the emissions of Volatile Organic Compounds (VOCs) and unit product emissions, and has achieved the goal of 
reducing emissions year by year, with a reduction rate of at least 96.5%, which is better than regulatory standards.
In terms of wastewater reduction, a series of systematic improvements and corrections have been made to the water quality pollution standards, which are mainly charged and 
tested by the South Science and Technology Management Unit; In terms of waste reduction, HannsTouch actively promotes the recycling and reuse of raw materials, thereby 
implementing waste reduction at the source, advocating the importance of resource classification, improving resource recovery rate, and creating a circular economy. And it con-
ducts a comprehensive inventory and evaluation of waste output and flow. Taking 2019 as the benchmark year, it is expected to reduce the total waste output by 50%, increase 
the total resource recovery by 10%, and achieve a recycling rate of 90% for shipping packaging materials by 2025. Packaging material cleaning operations will be implemented to 
extend the frequency of use and reduce waste output.
HannsTouch is currently a place where a large number of poisons are operated. In addition to joining the regional joint defense organization to cooperate with other factories in 
handling poison disaster drills and supporting emergency response related equipment, the factory also regularly conducts poison response drills to strengthen personnel's ability 
to respond to accidents.

5
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc. 
Environmental Participation
HannsTouch attaches great importance to environmental protection, starting from creating a friendly 
environment, implementing landscaping and toilet purification measures in the office, optimizing the factory 
equipment environment, and establishing employee fitness centers, badminton courts, basketball courts, 
etc. We encourage employees to participate in green living, and establish a food sharing area and implement 
clear waste classification to reduce the impact of waste on the environment. We also encourage employees to 
use public transportation to reduce the use of personal cars which in turn reduce category three (category 3) 
greenhouse gas emissions.
We have also implemented energy-saving measures for air conditioning, setting up a control panel with a timer 
switch to automatically turn off some air conditioning equipments from 7:30 pm to 7:30 am the next day to save 
energy. We also encourage employees to take the stairs instead of elevators, which can save about 87600 kWh 
of electricity per year and reduce 44 tons of CO2 emissions.
We provide eLearning online courses to enhance employees' environmental awareness and promote 
environmental education advocacy. During the 6-hour Safety, health and environmental protection education 
training course for new employees, we introduce our HSE policies and environmental protection issues, 
including waste projects and classified recycling methods in the factory, so that new colleagues can understand 
the company's Safety, health and environmental protection regulations and policy directions. In addition, the 
company uses the quarterly meeting time of each department to introduce latest environmental protection 
measures and regulations and encourages colleagues to ask questions to promote bilateral communication.

6
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc. 
2022 is a year full of changes and challenges for HannsTouch. The global supply chain crisis caused by the Russo Ukrainian War, interest rate hikes, high in-
flation rate and major power struggles, and the economy has been hit by multiple and complex factors. Faced with the rapid decline of the global economy 
and business, we have invested more resources in technological innovation, diversified transformation, recruitment of talents, and expansion of new elec-
tronic paper product line production capacity to meet customer needs, further enhancing HannsTouch's core competitiveness.
With the vision of "Being the best partner in the smart life of mankind and a world-class excellent company" since establishment, HannsTouch focuses on 
touch applications and TFT backplane solutions. We are a professional manufacturer of AMOLED high-end touch panel sensors and committed to the mis-
sion of becoming a long-term and trustworthy partner in the global touch and electronic paper industry.
With the efforts of all colleagues, HannsTouch has won the Bronze Award of the Fourth National Enterprise Environmental Protection Award from the Envi-
ronmental Protection Administration of the Executive Yuan in 2022. With the goal of creating maximum operational benefits, we firmly believe that enter-
prise growth and ecological environment can coexist and prosper, and we also implement green actions based on this belief.
HannsTouch focuses on enhancing the value of the core business, continuously developing advanced HIAA, high screen ratio comprehensive screen and 
TDDI technologies. In addition to meeting the needs of AMOLED factories in different generations for the use of high-end smart phones, wearable products, etc., its terminal product applications 
cover major mobile phone brand manufacturers in the world, becoming a leading supplier of touch products and committed to developing higher technology levels for IT products, expecting to 
serve a more diverse customer base.
At present, the G5.5 generation production line is also in line with the company's long-term development strategy, starting to locally produce thin film transistor (TFT) backplane products. Based 
on the existing highly automated and high-precision equipment, we have developed products such as underscreen optical fingerprint recognition sensor TFT backplane, new soft TFT component 
manufacturing technology, and electronic paper backplane. We have established a new generation of soft products and technology platforms, and strive to improve our capabilities in electronic 
paper, industrial control Market share of automotive and other professional display touch applications. Actively layout the technologies and products related to electronic paper backplane for 
many years, we successfully completed our expansion project in the first quarter of the fiscal year 2022, resulting in a doubling of our production capacity. Looking ahead to 2023, we are committed 
to continuing our journey towards diversification and transformation.
In addition to pursuing revenue growth and technological innovation, we also pay attention to the issue of sustainable environmental development. We hope to internalize ESG and the United 
Nations SDGs' global sustainable development goals into corporate culture and core values. Through investment in clean energy, sustained commitment to energy conservation and carbon reduc-
tion, emphasis on labor rights, care for environmental protection and health, and other issues, we can activate upward energy and continuously improve information transparency, as well as fully 
expose sustainability plans to promote sustainable operations.
Investing in Hanns House, a subsidiary of Glorystone Inc., we have demonstrated our commitment to upholding corporate social responsibility since the onset of the global pandemic in 2020. As 
the first publicly announced epidemic-prevention hotel, we promptly aligned with government policies. By November 2022, after more than 900 days and serving over 7,000 guests, we have ful-
filled our duties as part of the national epidemic prevention team, contributing significantly to society. Throughout this challenging period, marked by a global economic downturn and a slump 
in the tourism industry, we have persevered and, through the diligent efforts of our entire team, consistently delivered profitable results. Looking ahead, we plan to leverage our experience in the 
lodging sector as a starting point for expanding our presence into catering service and new retail. Our overarching goal is to provide warm and personalized services that prioritize our customers 
and to create a comprehensive daily life experience characterized by refined living.
Entering the new digital era, HannsTouch will continue to provide value services, with complete solutions, advanced technology, and customer-oriented services, working closely with innovators 
in the touch and electronic paper industry worldwide to grow together, create value, and earn excellent returns for shareholders. We always consider our employees, customers, and business part-
ners as important stakeholders. Therefore, in addition to pursuing revenue and profitability, we are also committed to improving corporate governance, fulfilling corporate citizenship and social 
responsibility, and pursuing sustainable development.
Letter from the Chairman
Chairman of HannsTouch
Wei-Hsin Ma

7
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc. 
Contents of the Report
Report Overview & Publication Frequency
HannsTouch Holdings Company (hereinafter referred to as "HannsTouch") has been publishing Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) reports since 2018. Starting from the release 
of the Sustainability Report in 2023, we plan to continue issuing this report annually, providing regular disclosure of our operational achievements beyond financial performance, 
and demonstrate our commitment to sustainable business practices. This report was issued in June 2023, and we anticipate the release of the next edition in June 2024.
Reporting Boundary and Scope
The reporting period of this report is from January 1, 2022, to December 31, 2022. It is published annually and covers HannsTouch in Southern Taiwan Science Park (hereinafter 
referred to as HannsTouch, Southern Taiwan Science Park) and the Taipei office, with the scope of disclosure accounting for 100% of the consolidated financial revenue.
The financial data in this report is sourced from the consolidated financial statements of HannsTouch Solution Inc. for the year 2022, with the scope of disclosure covering Hann-
sTouch Southern Taiwan Science Park and the Taipei office. The environmental category is disclosed within the boundaries of HannsTouch Southern Taiwan Science Park and 
the Taipei office. The social category is also disclosed within the boundaries of HannsTouch Southern Taiwan Science Park and the Taipei office. For more detailed information on 
related corporate matters, please refer to the "2022 Annual Report" of HannsTouch Southern Taiwan Science Park. There have been no significant changes in organizational size, 
structure, ownership, and supply chain during the reporting period.
Compilation Guidelines
This report is prepared under the guidance of the Sustainability Reporting Standards (GRI Standards) 2021. The GRI index is listed in the Appendix. The thematic guidelines GRI 303 
and GRI 403 are referenced against the 2018 version, GRI 207 against the 2019 version, and GRI 306 against the 2020 version. The appendix of the report provides a GRI content in-
dex, outlining the relevant sections and references to the GRI guidelines.

8
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc. 
Contact Information
Department in charge and quality management methods
To enhance the completeness and credibility of our CSR Report, we adhered to the "Rules Governing the Preparation and Filing of CSR Reports by TWSE Listed Companies" and 
established a process for compiling the CSR Report and conducting internal audits or external verifications.
If you have any advice or questions regarding the "HannsTouch Solution Inc. 2022 CSR Report," please feel free to contact us through the following channels. As part of our com-
mitment to corporate information disclosure, we have also made this report available on our official website for your reference.
HannsTouch Solution Inc.
Address: No.7, Beiyuan 1st Rd., Shanhua Dist., Tainan City, Taiwan     
Official Website: https://www.hannstouch.com/
Contact person: ESG Report Project Team (General Manager's Office Miss Wang)	       
Telephone No.: (06) 5053959 #50000	
E-mail: esg@hannstouch.com
Process
Method
Department (title)
Compilation
The ESG Project Team is responsible for the overall planning of this report. Data and information, strategic objectives, and perfor-
mance indicators disclosed in the report are provided by relevant departments, and are then Chairman's Office and reviewed by 
the ESG Project Team.
ESG Project Team/ Relevant Depart-
ment
Internal Review
This report must be confirmed by each department and authenticated by the director of each department.
Relevant Department & Executive 
Manager
External Guarantee
To enhance the accuracy and credibility of this report, we have taken the following measures:
• Entrusting a third-party auditing agency, AFNOR Asia Ltd, with the verification based on the AA1000AS v3 Assurance Standard. 
The verification is conducted using Type 1 application with a Moderate Assurance level to ensure that the content of this re-
port complies with GRI guidelines and AA1000AP (2018) Accountability Principles.
• The financial data has been audited and verified by PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) in accordance with International Financial 
Reporting Standards (IFRS). The currency used for calculations is the New Taiwan Dollar.
AFNOR Asia Ltd/
PricewaterhouseCoopers Taiwan
Finalization
The final draft of the report is presented to the GM Office /ESG Project Team for review and publicly released after approval by the 
General Manager.
General Manager's Office /ESG Proj-
ect Team

9
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc. 
Sustainable Highlights
SDGs x ESG Action Performance
SDGs Action Initiative
Dimension
Indicators SDGs of the UN
•Net sales of NT $2,405,963,000 in 2022
•2022 R&D expenses of NT $32,765,000
•In 2022, the board of directors will have a total of 64 hours of further education, with an average of 9 
hours per person.
•Develop flexible ultra-thin touch components to lay out the market for the next generation of touch products.
•Before March 2023, the company's exclusive quality approval rate reached as high as 89.65%.
•Establish a green supply chain system. In 2022, 100% of major suppliers are members of RBA and ISO 9001
     certified.
•100% of the operating sites undergo a corruption risk assessment, and the evaluation results are all low cor-
ruption risks.
Governance
•17 suppliers have successfully signed back the Conflict Minerals Policy Commitment Letter with 100% success
•The resumption rate of employees’ retention for childcare in 2022 reaches 100%
•The ratio of grassroots personnel to the local minimum salary is 1.48 for males and 1.31 for females
•Fully introduce the ISO 45001 HSE system into the workplace.
•The average training time for all employees is 12.3 hours.
•The total annual investment for training is NT $598,260.
•Call on employees to donate blood and collect a total of 53 bags of blood to donate to the Tainan Blood Dona-
tion Center.
•The Health Center held four health promotion lectures on musculoskeletal, nutrition, stress relief, and eye care.
Social
•Won the Bronze Award of the Manufacturing Industry Group of the Fourth National Enterprise Environmental 
Protection Award, the highest honor of national certification.
•The annual reduction rate of greenhouse gas emissions in 2022 is 33.1%; Compared to the benchmark year 
2017 (80,606.640 tCO2e), it decreased by 30.2%.
•Implement green factory energy-saving projects, saving approximately 5,543,397.85 kWh of electricity per year.
•Import CVD and FAB 5F DCC Pump action plans to reduce carbon emissions by 163.5 metric tons of CO2e.
•Invest NT $298,506,653 to introduce the waste liquid recycling system.
•The local procurement amount accounts for 99.5% of the budget expenditure, an increase of approximately 
25.9% compared to the previous year.
•Strengthen the supply chain sustainability policy and introduce the ISO 14001:2015 management system.
Environment

10
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc. 
Sustainable Management
We primarily refer to the GRI (Global Reporting Initiative) guidelines and SASB (Sustainability 
Accounting Standards Board) standards for identifying sustainability topics. Following the 
AA1000 AccountAbility Principle (2018), we apply the principles of inclusivity, materiality, 
responsiveness, and impact to identify material topics. Subsequently, we follow the require-
ments of the GRI Universal Standards 2021 to prioritize and disclose the impact, management, 
and practices related to each material topic. Based on these results, we adjust our sustainabil-
ity goals and strategies and strengthen the effectiveness of our external communications.
Stakeholder Engagement
Based on the nature of our operations and industry characteristics, our company refers to 
the five principles of the AA1000 Stakeholder Engagement Standard (SES) 2015 edition to 
assess the dependency, responsibility, tension, influence, and diverse perspectives of our 
stakeholders in relation to our company. Through this assessment, we have identified five key 
stakeholders, which include: (1) Employees, (2) Investors, (3) Customers, (4) Suppliers, and (5) 
Public utility contractors.
In order to comprehensively understand the concerns of our stakeholders, identify issues that 
have actual or potential impacts, and determine the extent of these impacts, our company ac-
tively engages in an ongoing, two-way communication with our stakeholders through diverse 
channels in our day-to-day practices. We also collect and respond to the issues they are con-
cerned about.
Taking into account national policies and international standards (such as the SASB indus-
try-specific standards and the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures; TCFD), as 
well as initiatives related to the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), we 
have focused on 16 sustainability issues that are highly related to our company in terms of 
economic, environmental, and social dimensions. To gather insights, we designed and con-
ducted a Questionnaire of Stakeholder Concerns and presented the results to the ESG Project 
Team. Subsequently, we discussed the findings in line with our company's development 
strategy, industry status, value chain practices, and expert advice. Through this process, we 
systematically evaluated the impact of these concerns on the economy, environment, society, 
and human rights, and ranked them accordingly to identify the material topics of the year. 
These topics serve as the focal points of disclosure in this report, providing stakeholders and 
information users with the necessary insights for effective evaluation and decision-making.

11
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc. 
Stakeholder Response Mechanism
Stakeholder
Matters of concerns
Methods of Communication
Frequency of 
Communication
Outcome of Communication
Employees
Employment Relations
Occupational safety and health 
Education and training
Employee Welfare Committee
Monthly
•In 2022, the Welfare Committee organized 12 employee wel-
fare-related events.
•In 2022, the employee grievance mailbox received one report.
Internal Website with Employee Grievance Mailbox
When appropriat
Employee Handbook 53668@hannstouch.com
Yearly
Investor
Economic Performance
Ethical management & market image
Investor Service mailbox
Yearly
•Maintain a smooth communication channel with investors/foreign 
investors/securities firms on weekdays.
•A total of one investor conference was held in 2022.
TWSE MOPS
Yearly
Shareholders’ meeting:  IR@hannstouch.com
Yearly
Customer
Products Services and Labeling
Customer Privacy management
Annual Customer Satisfaction Surveys  
Yearly
•The overall score of the 2022 customer satisfaction survey was 
90.35.
•Annual supplier evaluations were conducted based on customer 
demands.
Customer CSR Audit
Yearly
Sustainability Report Website Information Disclosure
Yearly
Supplier
Procurement Practice
Environmental Assessment of 
suppliers
Suppliers CSR assessment advocacy
When appropriate
•In accordance with the principles of RBA (Responsible Business 
Alliance), suppliers were required to sign a declaration of compli-
ance with supplier code of conduct.
•A strict enforcement of hazardous substance management for raw 
materials required suppliers to sign a declaration of compliance 
with environmental management system.
•A conflict minerals policy required suppliers to sign a commitment 
not to use conflict minerals.
Suppliers Environmental Assessment
When appropriate
Annual Supplier Evaluation
csr@hannstouch.com
Yearly
Utility contractors
Occupational and Health Safety
Sewage and waste discharge
Contractors environmental, safety and health advocacy
When appropriate
•Hazard awareness training at the factory was conducted at least 
once a week.
•Contractor agreement meeting was held once every six months.
•Necessary insurance requirements for construction workers and 
entry into the facility were verified every year.
•Strict contractor safety and health audits were enforced by con-
ducting daily inspections of construction areas.
•Legal compliance was reviewed on an occasional basis.
Sustainability Report Website Information Disclosure
Yearly

12
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc. 
Identification and Prioritization of Material Topics
When stakeholder engagement is completed, we begin the evaluation of business impact and identification, inspection, validation of 
material topics. The internal evaluation follows standards and quantifies based on the results of Questionnaire of Stakeholder Con-
cerns. There are 9 material topics identified and prioritized in this Report, including 2 environmental, 4 social, and 3 economic topics. 
Departments and external experts then gather to inspect and discuss the suitability of the procedure and standards. The compilation 
continues upon the verification that there is no overlooked concerns from these topics.
Also, we provide contact information on the website, so that shareholders and investors of stakeholders, investors are able to reach us 
and make quality communication based on Sustainability Report. Any inquiry, suggestion or demand regarding the information and 
content of material topics is welcomed through this link HTS_IR@hannstouch.com to ensure smooth communication at all times.
Assessment of operational impact
Through the "Questionnaire of Stakeholder Concerns," we have invited our stakeholders to assess the impact of 16 material topics. This assessment includes a de-
tailed and standardized internal evaluation of the severity (scale, scope), likeliness of occurrence, human right violation risk, and more detailed, standardized 
internal assessment.
After conducting an equal-weight analysis of the results obtained from the "Questionnaire of Stakeholder Concerns," a ranking has been established based on the dis-
cussions among internal senior executives and quantitative values. Threshold criteria have also been set for material topics, among which 9 material topics have been 
identified for the year 2022.
External experts have been engaged to jointly review and examine the identified material topics and the appropriateness of the threshold criteria. Their role is to en-
sure that there are no omissions or deficiencies in the prioritized reporting of material topics and to guarantee their completeness, inclusiveness, and comprehensive-
ness. The consultants will also assess the alignment of these material topics with our company's sustainable development strategy.
After being submitted by the ESG Project Team to the CEO for identification and approval, the nine material topics recognized in 2022 are disclosed in this report. The 
report provides a detailed account of the impacts associated with each material topic, as well as the corresponding policies, commitments, management, indicators, 
and objectives of our company.
Identification of material topics
Examination of material topics
Establishment of material topics

13
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc. 
List of Material Topics
No.
Material topic
Significance and Importance to HannsTouch
Value chain impact
Chapter
Up-
stream
Hanns
Touch
Down-
stream
1
Talent Cultivation & 
Recruitment
Considering employees as the company's most valuable assets, we prioritize their occupational development by 
establishing a comprehensive training system and offering various training courses. We aim to promote the growth 
of our employees to ensure the sustained enhancement of HannsTouch's competitiveness.
●
Human resource development
2
Business performance
Through transparent disclosure of our revenue performance and financial achievements, we aim to demonstrate to 
stakeholders our unwavering determination to achieve sustainable business practices at HannsTouch Solu-
tion Inc.
●
Economic Performance
3
Energy & GHG 
Management
Through a systematic energy and greenhouse gas management system, we effectively control energy consumption 
and greenhouse gas emissions with an aim to reduce the environmental externalities generated from our compa-
ny's operations.
●
●
Energy Management & GHG Inventory
4
Community Engage-
ment
In addition to pursuing economic growth, we actively participate in community activities and provide necessary as-
sistance to those in need, aiming to achieve a vision of shared prosperity within the local community.
Local Care & Community Co-prosperity
5
Compensation and 
Benefits
By offering salaries and benefits that meet market standards, we not only attract domestic talents to join Hann-
sTouch, but also provide a basic livelihood guarantee to all employees, thereby enhancing the internal cohesion of 
HannsTouch.
●
Employee rights and benefits
6
Procurement Practices 
and Management
By establishing a comprehensive and ESG-aligned supplier management system, we enhance product quality, meet 
customer demands, and simultaneously mitigate the potential risks associated with the overall supply chain.
●
●
Supply Chain Management
7
Employment/
Labor Relations
Committed to fostering harmonious labor relations and ensuring the protection of employee and employer rights, 
we aim to enhance employee satisfaction and engagement with the company while minimizing disputes and con-
flicts between labor and management.
●
Protection of Human Rights and 
Labor Rights
8
Response to climate 
change
To address the potential adverse impacts of climate change on HannsTouch, we are increasing our investment in 
water resource management, energy efficiency, and carbon reduction measures. Not only will this help reduce op-
erational costs, but also contribute to our efforts in safeguarding the environment and preserving the Earth's 
ecosystem.
●
●
●
Climate-related Financial Disclosures
9
Security Information
By establishing an information security management system and taking various security measures, we raise em-
ployee awareness of information security through education and training, not only ensuring uninterrupted opera-
tions at HannsTouch, but also safeguarding against potential security breaches.
●
●
●
Information Security and 
Personal Data Risk

14
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc. 
Sustainability Strategy and Goals
HannsTouch is committed to promoting sustainable development of the enterprise, viewing sustainable development as a part 
of its operational decision-making. Through the ESG framework, it examines the management of the enterprise and develops 
sustainable strategies that belong to HannsTouch to achieve sustainable business goals and fulfill corporate social responsibility. 
Starting from the vision of "Being the best partner in the smart life of mankind" and with the mission concept of "Being a long-
term and trustworthy partner in the global touch industry", HannsTouch has developed a sustainable strategy that be-
longs to HannsTouch.
In order to create long-term sustainable value for HannsTouch, HannsTouch 's products pursue industry leadership as their sole 
goal. In terms of corporate governance, Hexin strives for resource integration, transparency, independence, and fairness. In pur-
suit of revenue and profit, HannsTouch carefully pays attention to environmental sustainability issues and practices its green 
commitment to economic and environmental sustainability, creating a smart touch world.
Sustainability 
Strategy
Vision
Mission
Vision of being the best partner in the smart life of mankind
Being a long-term trustworthy partner of the global touch industry is our important mission
Environmental：
Committed to reducing carbon emissions and resource waste, we enhance energy efficiency 
through green manufacturing and circular economy solutions. We also take measures for 
resource recycling and reuse to enhance HannsTouch's resilience to climate change. By 
doing so, we aim to become a member of global environmental sustainability and positive 
ecological growth.
Social：
Dedicated to creating a happy workplace, we offer employees competitive compensation 
and benefits while simultaneously improving community well-being. By promoting employee 
health and well-being, we strive for the mutual development of the company and society, 
thereby fostering a harmonious and prosperous community.
Governance：
Adhering to the highest governance principles of business integrity, we enforce strict 
regulations on business conduct for both ourselves and our partners. Through an ESG-aligned 
supplier management system, we aim to build a sustainable supply chain to promote ethical 
and responsible practices throughout our business ecosystem.

15
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc. 
HannsTouch Milestones in Sustainable Development:
2021 
2022
2023
2024
2025
Environmental Management 
System ISO 14001
GHG Inventory
ISO 14064-1:2006
Occupational Safety and Health 
Management System ISO 45001
GHG Inventory
ISO 14064-1:2018
Quality Management System
ISO 9001
Energy Management System
ISO 50001
Information Security 
Management System ISO 27001
Carbon footprint product
ISO 14067

16
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc. 
ESG Project Team
For the purpose of conforming to the trend of the times and Taiwan government policy, In 2021, HannsTouch has revised the Corporate Social Responsibility
Principles into a Sustainable Development Best Practice Principles, and adjusted the CSR report to the ESG report in order to link the ESG concept with our internal system and 
communicate with stakeholders.
For the reason that the CSR project team was adjusted to the ESG project team, which was led by the chairman and assigned the general manager as the project leader. The 
ESG Project Team has set up the “Environmental Sustainability Group”, “Social Sustainability Group” and “Corporate Governance Group ”. Each functional unit within the 
company was responsible for integrating the management indicators of ESG sustainable development, such as economy (E), environment (E), society (s) and corporate gover-
nance (G) and linked them with daily operations and integrated them into routine work.
The ESG Project Team operates in accordance with the PDCA (Plan-Do-Check-Action) management model, regularly identifying stakeholders, collecting and reviewing issues of 
concern to stakeholders and reporting at the annual meeting to ensure that all major considerations have been covered. After confirmation by the committee, the action plan, 
effectiveness and future strategy will be launched and reported to the chairman to the Board of Directors. The Sustainable Development Task Force held 5 meetings in 2022, 
discussing the completion of the Ecovadis (Global Supply Chain Continuous Evaluation Platform) project in 2023 and related matters related to ESG promotion (the 2022 Sus-
tainable Report Preparation Project).
Chairman
Environmental 
Sustainability Group
Corporate
Governance Group
ESG Project Team
Social Sustainability Group
Human Resources & 
Administration Center
Industrial Safety Office & 
Factory Department
Finance & Accounting 
Center, Audit office
•Perform the outcome
•Formulate the strategy
•Communicate with stakeholders
•HannsTouch's ESG brand image formation
•Irregular working group meetings
•Annually Report of the Board of Directors
ESG Missions
•The chairman leads the ESG project team to practice sustain-
able development.
•The general manager is responsible for implementing the ESG 
project and formulating the strategy and guidelines.
•Each functional department vertically integrates relevant pro-
fessional and horizontally integrates company resources to 
practice ESG related indicators.
ESG Project Team

17
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc. 
About us 
1
•  1.1 About HannsTouch
•  1.2 Sustainable Manufacturing
•  1.3 Economic Performance
•  1.4 External Initiative
Chapter

18
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 1 ｜ About Us
Management of HannsTouch’s “Operating performance” in Material Topic in 2022
SDGs
Material topic
201-1 The direct economic value created and distributed by the organization
Operating performance
HannsTouch has established a sound risk control and corporate governance mechanism based on honest and transparent business philosophy, integrity policy, and by in-
tegrating technology research and development to maintain product competitive advantage as the basis for breakthrough business performance, maintains positive profits 
every year, and creates a sustainable business environment.
Short-term Goals:
•Expand the range of touch sensor products to increase sales. Increase the market share of thin-film transistor driver back boards with electronic paper displays.
•Apply innovative technology and optimize process capabilities to provide outstanding service to customers.
Medium to long-term Goals:
Develop technologies related to the development of emerging industries such as the Internet of Things and Industry 4.0 in the future:
•Invest in the market development of industrial control, vehicle and other professional fields.
•Become the comprehensive electronic paper drive backplane solutions provider.
•Expand the application scope and competitive advantage of existing products, and continue to develop other bio-sensing components and optical structure applications 
according to customer needs.
•Annual consolidated financial statements
•Monthly revenue report
•Cooperate with the market researchers to review the market share on a regular quarterly basis
Policies and 
Commitment
Goals and 
Targets
Effectiveness 
tracking system
Corresponding 
GRI Index

19
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 1 ｜ About Us
1.1 About HannsTouch
Founded in 1999, HannsTouch sets a vision to “Being the best partner in the smart life of mankind”, focuses on the development of touch panel technology and TFT backplane 
and devotes to strategy innovation and resources integration. The touching solution could apply on AMOLED and LCD monitor and others different terminal field, including wear-
able devices, cellphone, tablet, laptop, one-piece forming PC and industrial monitor, etc. Solution for TFT backplane could apply on RFID, E-book, E-board, etc
 
Focusing on technology development, HannsTouch is committed to improving people's quality of life. HannsTouch actively adjusts and tracks the overall business strategy to con-
tinuously improve operational efficiency by strengthening cost control, improving production efficiency and product yield. As a responsible enterprise, HannsTouch also values the 
importance of our employees, customers and business partners as important stakeholders. In addition to continuing to improve employee care and customer service programs, 
HannsTouch also committed to serve the community. We invite employees and business partners to join us to realizing the vision of sustainable development other than improv-
ing business performance.
Honest and justice
We insist in earning trust with 
highest moral standard
Execution and discipline
We create advantages with 
outstanding execution ability
Innovation, 
exploring the unknown
We embrace changes and are not 
afraid to challenge new field
HannsTouch
Teamwork
We respect different expertise and 
thinking, and accomplish 
highly team consensus
Trust of the customers, 
listen to the needs
We only provide best solutions

20
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 1 ｜ About Us
1.1.1 Global Business Location
At present, the Company mainly focus in the Taiwan market, and the details on the main operating bases 
are given below.
2022 HannsTouch Global Business location
Business Locatio
Address
Telephone
Headquarters
No.7, Beiyuan 1
st Rd., Shanhua Dist., Tainan City, Taiwan
06-5053959
Taipei Office
5F, No.21, Xingshan Rd., Neihu Dist., Taipei City
02-55553377
Basic information
Company name
HannsTouch Solution Inc. (3049)
Date of establishment
September 18, 1999
Headquarters location
Southern Taiwan Science Park
No.7, Beiyuan 1
st Rd., Shanhua Dist., Tainan City, Taiwan
Number of employees
315
Paid-in capital
NT$ 8,069,485,289
Main Products
Main products include touch sensors and thin-film transistor back boards.
Net sales
TWD 2,405,963,000

21
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 1 ｜ About Us
1.1.2 Operation Deployment
HannsTouch is a professional manufacturer of G5.5 OCTA touch sensors with AMOLED display panels. Our customers are international business giants. We continue to use our competitive advan-
tages in small and medium-sized products to develop large-size touch integration technology, so that the product level in the substrate production can cover various sizes of smart watches, mobile 
phones, tablets and laptops. For other products, we also actively develop innovative technologies, optimize process capabilities, and provide one-stop services close to customers, in order to ex-
pand the scope of product application and meet customer needs, maintain our competitiveness in the market and increase market share.
•Rigid AMOLED OCTA Touch Sensor: In addition to the production of the related G5.5 products, the sales range of the products has been expanded to match the capability of the G4.5 and G6 products.
•Thin-film transistor drive backplane (with electronic paper display products): Continue to promote the mass production of 2 "~ 10.3" panels, and increase the yield of products.
For the future development of emerging industries such as the Internet of Things and Industry 4.0, HannsTouch also grasps this development trend by developing new technologies and processes, 
and establishing new product platforms. We also develops a number of technologies:
Expand product roadmap to meet the development of emerging industries
HannsTouch will continue to maintain the R&D of existing AMOLED OCTA high-level touch sensors, while investing in the market development of industrial control, automotive and 
other professional fields. Through the higher-generation production process, gain market recognition with cost competitive advantage. In addition, the Company is committed to 
providing comprehensive solutions to serve customers in professional applications.
Meet the market trend to become an e-paper driven backplane solution provider
Global e-paper industry is rising with the trend of digitalization and ESG sustainable development, its energy-saving, low-carbon advantages make electronic paper tablet PC, elec-
tronic shelf label, electronic notebook and other products quickly penetrate into the consumer and commercial markets, plus with the rapid improvement of color e-ink screen 
technology, all kinds of e-paper products from monochrome to colorful display, becoming the main growth momentum of the e-paper market scale. HannsTouch will more actively 
coordinate with customers' innovative needs and become a comprehensive solution provider for e-paper drive backplanes.
Application of thin-film transistor drive backplane technology to expand fingerprint Sensor application
The Company intends to apply the successfully developed thin-film transistor drive backplane technology to expand toward optical fingerprint sensor applications in order to re-
place the existing fingerprint identification technology which can not be applied in large area. The current screen fingerprint identification technology is mainly based on optical 
fingerprint identification scheme and ultrasonic fingerprint identification scheme, among which ultrasonic solution is limited by sensing distance and full-screen application is less 
competitive in price. The optical fingerprint recognition can not only be compatible with Rigid/Flexible OLED screens, but also can use TFT technology to make its large-area more 
competitive and advantageous.
Development of Other Applications
Continue to develop other bio-sensing devices and optical micro-structure products for different customers and applications.

22
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 1 ｜ About Us
1.1.3 Product and Technology
HannsTouch provides touch sensors and e-paper display drive backplane and related solutions, has a 
complete technical roadmap, and continues to research and develop new products in new fields. For 
touch sensors, we offer modules, designs or contract manufacturing services for a wide range of products, 
including wearables, mobile phones, tablets, laptops, all-in-one computers and industrial displays. In 
terms of electronic paper display drive backplane, the Company provides design and OEM production 
services, which can be used for electronic labels, e-books, electronic billboards and other products.
With the increasing trend of paperless office worldwide, the Company focuses on the volume of niche 
products in the applied technology market. In order to meet the market demand for increasingly thin 
products, the Company provides technology that allows glass to be directly produced at an ultra-thin 
thickness of 0.25mm, eliminating the cost of external glass thinning and avoiding additional yield losses, 
and uses a high-precision exposure process to meet the design needs of customers with extremely 
narrow borders. In addition, the Company has developed flexible ultra-thin touch sensors to meet the 
future needs of soft touch displays, which can be applied to curve or bent products, and synchronized to 
the next generation of touch product market layout.
Year
R&D expenses
Percentage of net sales revenue
Annual increase
2020 
40,679
1.32%
-6.48%
2021 
33,939
0.90%
-16.57%
2022 
32,765
1.36%
-3.46%
HannsTouch Research and development in the past 3 years
 (Unit: NT$ Thousand)

23
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 1 ｜ About Us
Electronic paper display drive backplane 
is a main circuit board used to control 
electronic paper display, made of thin-film 
transistor, it contains a variety of driver cir-
cuits required by electronic paper display, 
such as for signal conversion to electronic 
paper display required control signal, man-
agement power supply, control display 
content and other items. It features thin 
and light substrate, low power consump-
tion, low leakage design, high charging 
rate, anti-static design, and can support an-
ti-glare applications and electronic labels, 
e-books, electronic billboards and other 
products, so as to achieve high-quality, 
high-definition display effect to ensure that 
the displayed content maintains a certain 
clarity and readability.
Thin substrate, thickness: 0.25 to 0.5mm.
Low RC loading.
Low leakage design.
High charging rate > 90% (one frame).
Anti-ESD design. 
Available for anti-glare applications.
Product features
Electronic paper display drive backplane
The OCTA touch sensor is an embedded sensor designed for use with organic light-emitting dis-
plays (AMOLED). The indium tin oxide (ITO) film projection capacitive touch solution is applied 
in it to embed touch components onto the AMOLED cover plate. This design features high trans-
parency, high resolution, compact size, high temperature resistance and high surface hardness, 
and also requires high yield in the production process.
High transparency, T% > 90%. 
High graphics resolution, Width/Space = 3/3 um.
Thin substrate, thickness: 0.25 to 0.5mm.
Resistance to high temperature > 400℃.
Surface Hardness, Hardness > 8H.
AMOLED touch sensor
Product features

24
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 1 ｜ About Us
Industrial touch sensors are used in liquid crystal displays, which are made of indium tin oxide 
(ITO) film projection capacitors. This sensor can achieve 2-, 5- and 10-point multi-touch, with 
high transparency, high resolution, compact size, high temperature resistance, low resistance 
and other characteristics. Back-end customers will use protective glass and touch sensing glass 
to fit into touch modules, which will be used in different end products such as medical display 
instruments, automotive operating systems, educational interactive whiteboards, entertain-
ment and gaming facilities, military high gauge devices, and industrial control panels.
Multi-touch:2, 5 and 10 points.
High transmittance, T% > 88%.
High graphics resolution, Width/Space = 10/10 um.
Thin substrate, thickness: 0.25 to 0.7mm.
Low resistance, Rs: 18~100 Ω/.
Resistance to high temperature up to: 240 ° C.
Industrial touch sensor
Product features
In order to respond to the global de-
mand for thin and soft use of 3C prod-
ucts, the emergence of flexible touch 
sensors provides a better solution for 
these products, which can achieve a 
more natural, smooth and sensitive 
touch experience.
The production principle of the flexible 
touch sensor is to place the touch sen-
sor on a transparent polyimide plastic 
film, which has good transparency, 
featuring ultra-thin, high temperature 
resistance, bending resistance and other characteristics, so it can be flexibly used in a variety of 
curved or bent products, but also can better adapt to complex product shapes.
Flexible touch sensors are used in a wide range of applications, including wearables, smart 
phones, tablets, wearable health monitoring devices, and smart home products. With the devel-
opment of flexible electronic products, flexible touch sensors will become an important trend 
and development direction in the future.
Good optical properties, T% >86%;Tb*< 1.5;Rth < 70nm (applicable under CPL).
Low resistance, Rs: 20 ~ 100Ω / Wearable to NB size applications. 
High graphics resolution, Width/Space = 10/10 um.
Ultra-thin substrate, Thickness ≤15um.
Resistance to high temperature up to: 240 ° C.
Resistance to bending: R3 200K bending PASS. 
Flexible Touch Sensor
Product features

25
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 1 ｜ About Us
Intellectual Property Protection
In order to strengthen HannsTouch's intellectual property rights and enhance research and 
development capacity, as well as maintain the hard-won technical innovation achieve-
ments, the Company has formulated a smart property policy that combines the company's 
operating objectives and research and development resources, actively develop the smart 
property application and management plan, and actively expand the patent layout in three 
directions: touch panel design, touch applications, and display-related products, continu-
ously accumulate  intellectual property to refine product quality and efficiency, strengthen 
our proprietary patent  combinations, so as to provide customers with higher-quality solu-
tions. As of March 2023, in total 131 applications for patents has submitted, and 104 have 
been approved, including 32 in Taiwan, 36 in U.S.A and 36 in Chinese Mainland. In terms of 
patent quality, we have an average rate of approval as high as 89.65%.
HannsTouch's Measures to Protect Intellectual Property
1. Revised "Patent Appli-
cation and Award Pro-
cedure" and "Procedure 
for Setting up Patent 
Review Committee".
2. Establish patent develop-
ers and arrange monthly 
patent developer reading 
club courses to improve the 
patent inspiration and pro-
posal quality of R&D staff.
Create electronic form "Pat-
ent Application Proposal 
System" and computerize 
proposals in order to im-
prove the proposal efficien-
cy and build complete pro-
posal database for future 
search.
Establish an electronic form "Patent-Related Service Demand 
Sheet". When colleagues need service related to patents (such 
as patent analysis/comparison, patent retrieval or patent re-
view), they can fill in the demand sheet and ask the intellectual 
property section to assist in handling it, and the IP staff will fill 
in the e-form with the processing results to facilitate manage-
ment and retention of records, as well as future search by key-
word, avoid repeated searches and improve efficiency.
2017
2019
2020
2021
Set up "Company Approved 
Patent Value Assessment 
Form" to evaluate with the 
head of technical research 
and development depart-
ment their own patents and 
review their possible use or 
licensees.

26
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 1 ｜ About Us
1.2 Sustainable Manufacturing
The Company upholds the environmental philosophy of "Pollution prevention", "Using less 
energy and materials for waste reduction", “Waste reduction" and "Clean production", em-
phasizing pollution reduction by changing the production process. In recent years, climate 
change, environmentally related harmful substances in products and labor safety, health 
and human rights have become important issues in corporate social responsibility. The 
Company also put priority to the aforesaid items in green supply chain management. Taking 
the management of environmentally related substances as an example, the company has 
developed various environmental protection policies (such as RoHS 2.0, etc.), and revised 
its internal management standards, carried out risk control through the supply chain green 
information management platform. The selection of materials for various products of the 
Company all meets environmental regulations such as the EU RoHS 2.0 directive and the EU 
REACH SVHC's highly concerned substance control requirements.
We reduce the impact on the overall environmental safety through product design, applica-
tion and disposal activities, comply with relevant regulations, and achieve environmental 
protection and sustainable corporate development through full participation and commit-
ment. The Company has also introduced ISO 14001:2015 Management System to publicly 
disclose the environmental policy declaration and various measures, including the adoption 
of appropriate production or pollution prevention technology, and increasing the energy 
saving and waste reduction design of products to prevent pollution after use, more efficient 
use of energy resources or reduce the environmental impact caused by product activities 
and services.
In addition to complying with local environmental regulations for the company's man-
ufacturing, activities and service locations, the company also implements management 
in accordance with customer requirements for environmental regulations in the districts 
where products are sold. Furthermore, we have also introduced the concept of environmen-
tal design in order to effectively use energy resources or reduce the environmental impact 
caused by product activities and services, and to meet the customers' requirements for 
environment protection. In addition, the Company has also implemented carbon reduction 
initiatives for green plants, saving electricity by installing frequency converters to reduce 
the operating current of the clean room, reducing the general and CVD exhaust systems and 
the load pressure of the clean room, implementing air compressor ventilation improvement 
works in the CDA room, replacing the adsorption material of the dryer and other measures 
to save about 5,543,397.85 KWH of electricity each year.
Sustainable 
Design
HannsTouch
Sustainable 
Raw Materials
Sustainable 
Product
Sustainable 
Supply Chain
Sustainable 
Energy
Circular 
Economy
Sustainable 
Process
Committed To 
Pollution Prevention	
Comply With 
Environmental Regulations
Promote industrial 
waste reduction

27
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 1 ｜ About Us
1.3 Economic Performance
Direct Economic Value Generated and Distributed By the Organization
Item (Unit: Thousand)
 2020     
2021
2022
Direct Economic 
Value Created
Operating Revenue
3,086,399  
3,775,822
2,405,963
Non-Operating Income
157,208
186,969
141,545
Economic Value 
Distributed
Operating costs
2,375,024
2,477,053
2,272,770
Employee Salaries and Benefits
388,459
468,948
323,208
Payment to investors
379,679
385,250
333,285
Payments in support for the government
31,440
162,044
49,500
Community Investment
90
0
11
Economic Value Reserved
68,915
469,496
(431,266)
Note: 
Reserved Economic Value = Direct Economic Value Created – Economic Value Distributed
Consolidated Financial Statement In Three Years (Currency: NT$)
Year
Unit
2020
2021
2022
Operating Revenue
Thousand
3,086,399
3,775,822
2,405,963
Gross Profit
Thousand
711,375
1,298,769
   133,193
Operating Income
Thousand
418,842
1,003,305
    (96,744)
Income tax benefit(expense)
Thousand
102,874
    234,040
    (15,027)
Net Income
Thousand
359,746  
1,047,945
      29,265
Earnings (loss) per share
Dollar
             0.43
                 1.24
                 0.03
Note: 
The entities included in the consolidated financial statements include HannsTouch and all its subsidiaries.

28
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 1 ｜ About Us
1.4 External Engagement
1.4.1 External Initiative
International Initiatives Supported by HannsTouch
ESG
1.	 The United Nations’ 17 Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) - uphold the initiative to integrate social, economic and environmental sustainability indicators to work together with the 
world towards sustainability.
2.	 The United Nations Global Compact - advocates for sustainable governance, focuses on human rights, labor, environment and anti-corruption.
Environmental Side
1.	 Climate Change Related Financial Disclosure (TCFD) - help investors and decision makers understand their organizations’ climate-related risks, opportunities, and financial implications, to 
help them overcome transformation challenges.
2.	 The EU RoHS directive - restrict the use of a variety of hazardous substances in electronic and electrical equipment products, promotes the recycling and collection of electronic products and 
their waste, and will strengthen the safe substitution of hazardous substances.
3.	 REACH (Registration, Evaluation, Authorization, and Restriction of Chemicals) - prohibit the use of chemicals that are highly toxic and risky to the environment and human body during the 
manufacturing process.
Social Side
1.	 The International Labor Organization (ILO) - continue to improve the working and living conditions of its colleagues and to protect their rights.
2.	 Social Accountability 8000 (SA8000) - ensure that the human rights, environment and ethics of supply chain partners comply with international standards of conduct.
3.	 The Code of Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) - ensure that the working environment is safe, workers are treated with respect and dignity, and business operations are conducted in accor-
dance with environment protection requirements and code of conduct.
Governance Side
1.  The United Nations Convention against Corruption (UNCAC) - establishes a sound governance system to prevent and eliminate corruption.
2.  The Principles for Responsible Investment (PRI) - help investors gain clear access to ESG-oriented information and take them into consideration for investment.
1.4.2 Membership of associations
Associations and Initiative Organizations of Great Participatory Importance Are Listed Below.
Item
Name of the organization
Membership of associations
1
Taiwan Electrical and Electronic Manufacturers’ Association
General membership
2
Taiwan Display Union Association
General membership
3
Taiwan Panel & Solution Association
General membership
4
The Allied Association for Science Park Industries
General membership
5
Academia-Industry Consortium for Southern Taiwan Science Park
General membership
6
Ecovadis
General membership

29
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc. 
Corporate Governance
2
Chapter
• 2.1 Governance Structure
• 2.2 Functional Science and 
             Technology Committee
• 2.3 Ethical Corporate
• 2.4 Internal Control & Internal Audit
• 2.5 Regulatory Compliance
• 2.6 Risk Management
• 2.7 Information Security & 
             Personal Information Risk

30
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 2 ｜Corporate Governance
The Management of HannsTouch’s “Information Security” in Major Issues in 2022
SDGs
Material topic
418-1 Substantiated complaints regarding breaches of customer privacy and losses of customer data
Information Security
The Company is committed to protecting the information security of customers, employees, and business partners, and ensuring that their privacy and confidential informa-
tion is protected from unauthorized access, use, or leaks.
•Initially introduced the ISO 27000 system and obtained third-party verification since 2024.
•Continually conduct information security education and training, as well as information security drills every year.
•Regularly review and update information security policies and related processes.
•Regularly implement risk assessment of information security and vulnerability scanning to effectively lower information security risks.
•Make plans for information security education and training, and evaluate training completion rate and effects.
•The Information Management Section is concurrently responsible for relevant work goals and management. It will be subsequently evaluated whether a dedicated informa-
tion security protection team should be established.
•No incidents or complaints regarding infringement of customers’ privacy or loss of customers’ data occurred this year.
•Appointing Information Security Officers and Personnel to meet the requirements of the Financial Supervisory Commission.
Policies and 
Commitment
Goals and 
Targets
Effectiveness 
tracking system
Annual action 
and 
measure
Corresponding 
GRI Index

31
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 2 ｜Corporate Governance
2.1 Governance Structure
2.1.1 Policy Commitment
HannsTouch adheres to the principle of corporate gover-
nance, formulated its Corporate Governance Best Practice 
Principles in accordance with the Corporate Governance 
Best Practice Principles for TWSE/TPEx Listed Compa-
nies, and established an effective corporate governance 
structure to safeguard shareholders' rights, strengthen 
the functionality of the Board of Directors, respect stake-
holders' rights, and improve information transparency. We 
have also established a complete information disclosure 
system to ensure that shareholders can acquire the latest 
and most current information of the Company as a basis 
for their investments. Following the principles of accuracy, 
, thoroughness, and fair disclosure, the Company provides 
relevant information including operating and finance infor-
mation, resolutions of the Board of Directors, and corpo-
rate management concept and guidelines in real-time.
To improve the efficiency of the corporate governance, 
the Board of Directors of HannsTouch made a resolution 
to appoint a corporate governance officer on May 5, 2021. 
Currently, section Director Wilson Chiang serves as the cor-
porate governance officer of the Company, with more than 
three years' experience as a supervisor in public companies 
with respect to finance, stock affairs, and matter discus-
sion management. Chiang's qualifications comply with the 
provisions of relevant laws and regulations. The corporate 
governance officer is mainly in charge of handling relevant 
matters of the Board of Directors, assisting directors and 
independent directors in executing their duties, providing 
data, and arranging directors' continuing education, assist-
ing with handling matters related to the rules of procedure 
of Shareholders' Meetings, assisting directors in complying 
with laws and regulations, and handling other matters 
established in the Articles of Association and contracts to 
effectively manage corporate governance related affairs.
Organizational Structure of HannsTouch
Shareholders’meeting
Technology Committee
Human Resources & 
Adiminstration Center
Product Development Center
Adiminstration Center
Operation Planning & 
Marketing Center
Manufacturing Intergration 
Center
Industrial Safety Office
Board of Directors
Chairman Office
Innovation Business
Audit Offices
Chief Executive Office
Taipei Adiministrative & 
Property Management 
Center
Audit Committee
Finance & Accounting 
Center
President Office
Compensation Committee
Note: 
For more information about the corporate governance structure and the business responsibilities of each department, 
please refer to The 2022 Annual Report of the Company for details.
Legal Affairs Office

32
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 2 ｜Corporate Governance
The Company is committed to realizing sustainable development, and continues to show its commitment to 
economic governance, human rights and humanity, and environmental conservation in a direction that complies 
with ESG development. We have formulated the Sustainable Development Best Practice Principles that complies 
with a sustainable co-prosperity vision according to the following initiative, and publicly promised that our oper-
ating processes comply with responsible business practices:
•Sustainable Development Best Practice Principles for TWSE/TPEx Listed Companies
•Ethical Corporate Management Best Practice Principles for TWSE/GTSM Listed Companies
•Ethical Corporation Management Best Practice Principles for TWSE/GTSM
•Guidelines for the Adoption of Codes of Ethical Conduct for TWSE/GTSM Listed Companies
The aforementioned guidelines/policies have been reviewed and approved by the Board of Directors and an-
nounced and executed by the Shareholder Services Unit. They apply to the whole Company and are commu-
nicated with internal and external stakeholders through various channels such as email, relevant meetings, the 
official website or intranet, and contractual agreements.
Additionally, our guidelines /policies promise relevant principles of due diligence and early warnings, especially 
regarding commitments to human rights. We respect and support universally recognized norms and principles 
pertaining to human rights, including the UN Universal Declaration of Human Rights (UDHR), the UN Guiding 
Principles on Business and Human Rights (UNGPs), and the Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at 
Work by the International Labour Organization. We are also dedicated to abiding by local labor laws, regulations, 
and norms, and taking actions that accord with the Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) Code of Conduct to cre-
ate a safe and non-discriminatory work environment, and safeguard the human rights of all personnel, including 
regular employees, contracted, temporary employees, and interns. Furthermore, we require our supply chain 
partners to follow the same standards. When focusing on the development of economic performance, the Com-
pany pays more attention to human rights internally and externally.
When executing the policy commitment to sustainability, we have formulated relevant content and internal doc-
uments, including the Articles of Association, Sustainable Development Best Practice Principles, Corporate Gov-
ernance Best Practice Principles, Ethical Corporate Management Principles and Guidelines for Conduct, and Di-
rectors and Managers Ethical Code of Conduct, and summarized and integrated such codes into the Company's 
operating policies, procedures, and internal control system. Furthermore, the Board of Directors is designated as 
the top level for supervising and executing this policy commitment and the auditing department is responsible 
for regular audits.
To effectively fulfill our policy commitment to sustainable development, we require our external supply chain 
and customers to sign the RBA with the aim that commitment to sustainability can be jointly practiced through 
the integration of the upstream and downstream resources of the industry.

33
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 2 ｜Corporate Governance
2.1.2 Professional Board of Directors
As the top governance unit of HannsTouch, the Board of Directors is responsible for decision-making, supervision, and management of the Company's impact on the economy, the environment, 
human rights, and society. The current Board of Directors comprises seven directors, among whom three are independent directors, accounting for 43% of the total number of directors. This Board 
of Directors was re-elected in July 2021 with the tenure expiring in July 2024.
The Company places great importance on the diversified industrial experience, professional background, and competency of the members of the Board of Directors. It is specified in the Corporate 
Governance Best Practice Principles that the composition of the members of the Board of Directors should be diversified regardless of gender, race, and nationality. In addition to the knowledge, 
skills, and competency needed to execute their duties and achieve corporate governance goals, the Company also expects them to continually promote the development of the Board of Directors 
in terms of gender diversity to facilitate diversified perspectives and lower overall operating risks.
In 2022, a total of five board meetings were convened by the Board of Directors of HannsTouch, i.e., at least once every three months on average. The average attendance rate of all directors in 2022 
reached 89%. The board meetings focused on the review of corporate operating performance and internal control. Responsible units were assigned to confirm relevant matters, and progress and 
handling status will be monitored in subsequent meetings. No key major events that should be communicated with the Board of Directors occurred in this report year. Please refer to the official 
website of HannsTouch for further details.
Members of the Board of Directors
Title
Name
Gender
Age
Number of board 
meetings attended
Board of director
Wei-Hsin Ma
Female
52
5
Director
Yu-Chi Chiao
Male
57
5
Director
Tsu-Kang Yu
Male
68
2
Director
Chih-Chung Chou
Male
52
4
Independent directors
Tien-Shang Chang
Male
69
5
Independent directors
Ting-Wong Cheng
Male
79
5
Independent directors
Jin-Fu Chang
Male
73
5

34
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 2 ｜Corporate Governance
Nomination and Selection of the Board of Directors
Directors of the Company are elected in accordance with the procedures of the candidate nomination system stipulated in Article 192-1 of the Company Act, and a cumulative 
voting system is adopted. Each share has the same voting right corresponding to the number of directors that shall be elected, and these shares can be used to elect one person 
centrally, or multiple persons separately.
HannsTouch places great importance on the diversity, expertise, and independence of the composition of the Board of Directors. More than half of the board seats shall not be 
held by individuals with spousal or immediate family relationships within the second degree. Furthermore, the overall configuration of the Board of Directors is considered during 
election and appointment. The composition of the Board of Directors shall be diversified, and an appropriate diversity policy has been drawn up in consideration of operations, 
the business model, and development needs of the Board of Directors. At least the following standards are included: 1. Basic conditions and values: gender, age, nationality, cul-
ture, etc.; 2. Professional knowledge and skills: professional background (e.g., law, accounting, industry, finance, marketing, or technology), professional skills, and industrial expe-
rience, etc. 
It is also already clearly stipulated in the Company's Procedures for the Election of Directors that the members of the Board of Directors shall generally possess the knowledge, 
skills, and competency required to execute their duties. The overall capabilities required of the directors include: 
Conflicts of Interest
The Chairman of the highest governing body in HannsTouch is the Chairman of the Board and does not hold any other senior management positions concurrently; a nomination/
selection system is applied to all members of the Board of Directors of the Company. The Board of Directors has established the Ethical Corporate Management Principles and 
Guidelines for Conduct, and standardized the principle of avoiding conflicts of interest of directors in accordance with the Corporate Governance Best Practice Principles for TWSE/
TPEx Listed Companies. The Company currently does not have a risk of conflicts of interest. The Company adopts a complete conflict of interest avoidance principle and requires 
members of the Board of Directors to fulfill their moral obligations and faithfully execute their duties and responsibilities as managers with a high degree of self-discipline and a 
cautious attitude. The Company also regulates that directors who have an interest in the matters to be discussed at meetings, either personally or as a legal representative of oth-
ers, shall explain the important contents related to the relationship in the board meeting. If such contents cause a certain risk to the Company's interests, the directors involved 
shall not attend the discussion or vote, but shall excuse themselves. Such directors shall also not act as proxies of other directors to exercise their voting rights.
2 ｜Accounting and financial 
analysis capabilities
Crisis handling 
capabilities 
1 ｜Operation judgment 
capabilities
Operation management 
capabilities
3 ｜
4 ｜
5 ｜Industrial knowledge
Awareness of 
international markets
6 ｜
7 ｜Leadership
Decision-making 
capabilities
8 ｜

35
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 2 ｜Corporate Governance
2.1.3 Board of Directors 
            Continuing Education
To stay up-to-date with global business management trends, and im-
prove the corporate governance and risk response capabilities, mem-
bers of the Board of Directors of HannsTouch are dedicated to continual 
professional development and obtaining key industrial knowledge to 
enrich their corporate governance experience, and improve and con-
solidate the collective wisdom of the highest governance unit of the 
Company for the sustainable development of the enterprise. Hann-
sTouch arranges education courses for the Board of Directors covering 
various aspects of the economy, environment, and society to enhance 
the governance knowledge and trend insights of members of the Board 
of Directors. In addition, to enable independent directors to stay up-to-
date with information related to the Company at all times, we send out 
announcements and relevant industry information published by the 
competent securities authority as well as information regarding ESG 
topics. We also continue to reinforce the communication of information 
and continuing education planning based on the needs and feedback of 
each Board member to ensure they have sufficient expertise to execute 
their leadership and supervision duties effectively. In 2022, the total dura-
tion of continuing education courses attended by members of the Board 
of Directors reached 64 hours, i.e., nine hours per director on average.
2022 Board of Directors Training Programs
Name of Course
Training 
Hours
Environmental
Analysis of Global Political and Economic Situations in 2023; Solutions for Enterprises to 
Achieve Net Zero: Natural Carbon Sinks and Carbon Trading
4
Advocacy Conference for Industry on the Sustainable Development Roadmap
2
Advocacy Conference for Industry on the Sustainable Development Roadmap – Iron and 
Steel Industry
2
Climate Change Impact and Global Carbon Risk Management Trends
3
Social
Observations on Political and Economic Development, and Cross-Strait Peace or War 
Indicators after the 20
th National Congress of the Communist Party of China
18
Economic/
Governance
Advocacy Conference on the Prevention of Insider Trading in 2022
3
ESG Information Disclosure Trends and Related Norms
3
From Deep Learning to practical AI application
3
Corporate Governance and Corporate Sustainable Management Seminar
3
Corporate Sustainable Development and Non-Financial Information Disclosures
3
The One and Only Way for Corporate Sustainable Management – External Innovation
3
Global Risk Recognition – Opportunities and Challenges in the Next Decade
3
Seminar on False Financial Reports and Directors' Responsibilities
3
Financial Statement Analysis and Corporate Diagnosis of Problematic Enterprises
3
Online Forum of International Double Summits
2
On the Functions of the Board of Directors in Corporate Fraud Prevention and the 
Applicability of the Cyber Security Management Act in Ransomware Threats
3
Analysis of Competition for Management Rights and Preventive Strategies
3
Total
64

36
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 2 ｜Corporate Governance
2.1.4 Performance Evaluation of Boards of Directors
To improve corporate governance, enhance the functionality of the Board of Directors of the Company, and establish 
performance objectives to strengthen the operation efficiency of the board, HannsTouch has established the Regulations 
Governing Directors' Remuneration and Performance Evaluations to execute performance evaluations of the Board of 
Directors, self-evaluations of members of the Board of Directors, and self-evaluations of functional committees (including 
the Audit Committee and Compensation Committee) once every year. The Compensation Committee also reviews and 
suggests relevant remuneration payment standards and amounts based on the evaluation results. In 2022, the results of 
self-evaluations of the Board of Directors and the functional committees, and self-assessments of board members fell in 
the range of 4.67~5.0 points. The Company will continue to improve the operation benefits of the Board of Directors, and 
promote the participation and communication of directors in corporate operations in 2023. Additionally, the Company 
has stipulated that relevant external professional and independent agencies or external expert/scholar teams will be 
assigned to execute evaluations at least once every three years to ensure good governance of the Board of Directors of 
HannsTouch.
In 2022, the results of performance evaluations of the Board of Directors were in the range of 4.67~5.0 points, self-evalua-
tions of board members, 4.77~5.0, and performance evaluations of functional committees, 5.0 points. The results of per-
formance evaluations of the Board of Directors were in the range of 4.67-5.0 points in 2022. Most directors highly approved 
the operation of each valuation indicator. In addition to the provision of relevant regulations for directors at all times, 
the Company reports the everyday activities of the corporation to directors for their knowledge, and prepares materials 
related to agendas for directors to refer to and query when convening board meetings. The evaluation results indicated 
that overall operations of the Board of Directors and each functional committee were favorable and consistent with the 
requirements of corporate governance, and effectively strengthened the functionality of the Board of Directors and safe-
guarded shareholders' interests.
2.1.5 Remuneration Policy for Directors and Executives
The policy adopted by the Company to pay remuneration to directors, including directors' compensation, salaries, and 
bonuses (the last two only apply to directors who concurrently serve as employees), is determined in accordance with the 
provisions of the Company Act and the Articles of Association, and with reference to the results of the annual performance 
evaluation (including understanding of the Company's goals and missions, understanding of directors' responsibilities, 
participation in Company operations, management and communication of internal relations, expertise and continuing 
education of directors, internal control, and other relevant factors). Specifically, the Compensation Committee submits a 
proposal regarding this policy to be approved by the Board of Directors and then executed.
The policy adopted by the Company to pay remuneration to General Manager(GM), including salaries, bonuses, retire-
ment allowance, etc., is determined in accordance with the Company's operation strategies, profitability, and personal 
performance (including problem-solving skills, organizational and planning capabilities, proactivity, continual improve-
ment, building of successful teams, cross-departmental communication, talent development capabilities, etc.), and with 
reference to market levels. Specifically, the Compensation Committee submits a proposal regarding this policy to be 
approved by the Board of Directors and then executed. No other major special welfare is provided for GM other than the 
remuneration stipulated above; the retirement welfare system provided to GM is same as that of general employees, and 
is handled in accordance with the provisions of relevant laws and regulations.
The aforementioned principles may be adjusted as required based on the necessity to respond to changes to the overall 
economy and industrial prosperity, and in consideration of the Company's future development needs and profitability.

37
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 2 ｜Corporate Governance
2.2 Functional Committees
In order to effectively implement operational risk impact management, and implement the procedures for iden-
tifying the company's impact on the economy, environment, and people, HannsTouch has established the audit 
committee, remuneration committee, and technology committee under the board of directors. Each functional 
committee communicates through normal business channels , internal meetings, questionnaires/ surveys and 
document signing, and the existing complaint mechanism to perform due diligence, collect feedback from stake-
holders on major events or suggestions related to positive and negative risk impacts derived from the company’s 
operations, and be responsible for development and approval of relevant strategies and policies related to differ-
ent impacts. The board of directors is also responsible for supervising the impact management procedures and 
results of the functional committees, and reviewing the effectiveness of the procedures together at the results 
reporting meeting at least once a year.
2.2.1 Audit Committee
The main function of the Audit Committee is to execute corporate risk control. Three independent directors are 
elected and appointed in a regular shareholders' meeting to form the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee 
regularly convenes cross-departmental risk management meetings at least once every quarter to study and draft 
approaches for handling cross-departmental issues associated with major risks. Furthermore, the Audit Commit-
tee is responsible for fair presentation of the Company's financial statements, and the selection, appointment, in-
dependence, and performance of CPAs, effective implementation of internal control of the Company, compliance 
of the Company with laws, regulations, and rules, and control of existing or potential risks to the Company. The 
Audit Committee decides whether to present major decisions to the Board of Directors based on risk reports. In 
2022, a total of five meetings were convened by the Audit Committee with an attendance rate of 100%.
Members of Audit Committee
Name
Title
Gender
Term of Service
Tien-Shang Chang
Chairman
Male
2021/7~2024/7, Three years
Ting-Wong Cheng
Member
Male
2021/7~2024/7, Three years
Jin-Fu Chang
Member
Male
2021/7~2024/7, Three years

38
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 2 ｜Corporate Governance
2.2.2 Compensation Committee
To complete corporate governance and strengthen the remuneration management function of 
the Board of Directors, assist the Board of Directors in executing and evaluating the Company's 
overall remuneration, welfare policies, and remuneration of directors and senior managers, and 
ensure that the Company's remuneration arrangements comply with relevant laws and regula-
tions and attract excellent talent, HannsTouch has established a Compensation Committee and 
prescribed the Rules of Organization of the Compensation Committee.
The Compensation Committee evaluates and reviews the senior management team's remuner-
ation and the appropriation rate of employee compensation. The committee has established 
the Ratio Table of the Total Amount of Remuneration of Directors, President and Vice-presidents 
in the Net Income After Tax Presented in Individual or Separate Financial Reports (please refer to 
the Company's 2022 Annual Report. The committee evaluates and reviews the reasonableness 
of salaries, rewards, and remuneration paid to members of the management team based on 
their personal capabilities and performance as well as contributions made to the Company to 
effectively control the risk of talent turnover. In 2022, a total of five meetings were convened by 
the Compensation Committee with an attendance rate of 100%.
2.2.3 Science and Technology Committee
To strengthen and accelerate the Company's continual growth of sustainable management, 
and reinforce operating and decision-making efficiency, the Company established a Science 
and Technology Committee under the Board of Directors on November 5, 2021, and convened 
the first meeting on December 28, 2021. This committee currently comprises three members, 
including independent directors Tien-Shang Chang, Jin-Fu Chang and Chairman Ting-Hsien 
Chien. The responsibilities of this committee are to assist the Board of Directors in performing, 
evaluating, and supervising the overall execution of the Company's technology and related 
business strategies, including, but not limited to, major technology investments, technical strat-
egies that may affect investment portfolios, operating performance, and technological trends.
In 2022, a total of two meetings were convened by the Science and Technology Committee 
mainly to discuss and develop topics including 5G antenna and soft wearable physiological 
sensing technology.
Members of Compensation Committee
Name
Title
Gender
Term of Service
Tien-Shang Chang
Chairman
Male
2021/7~2024/7, Three years
Ting-Wong Cheng
Member
Male
2021/7~2024/7, Three years
Jin-Fu Chang
Member
Male
2021/7~2024/7, Three years
Members of Science and Technology Committee
Name
Title
Gender
Term of Service
Ting-Hsien Chien
Chairman
Male
2022/08~2024/12, Three year
Tien-Shang Chang
Member
Male
2021/12~2024/12, Three years
Jin-Fu Chang
Member
Male
2021/12~2024/12, Three years

39
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 2 ｜Corporate Governance
2.3 Ethical Management
HannsTouch has established the Ethical Corporate Management Principles and Code of Ethics, with relevant approval from the Board of Directors, to include ethical corporate 
management into employees' performance assessment and human resources policies. It has also disclosed relevant information on its corporate website and MOPS and expressly 
required the Board of Directors, management, and employees to actively implement these rules. Furthermore, the Company has established the Procedures for Ethical Corporate 
Management and Guidelines for Conduct to expressly prescribe the procedures governing unethical conduct, punishment for violations, and the appeal mechanism. If any em-
ployee of the Company finds that someone has conducted any unethical action against the Company, and such conduct involves illegal activity, he/she shall notify the relevant 
judicial body of the relevant facts; if government agencies or officials are involved in such situation, the employee shall notify the anti-corruption agency of the government. If a 
personnel of the Company act in such a way that their behavior violates integrity regulations and the situation is serious, they will be removed from office, or dismissed according 
to relevant laws and regulations or personnel measures of the Company. The Company periodically reviews and updates such regulations, and has set up reporting and appeal 
channels on the corporate website to report any inappropriate conduct. All employees of the Company, including managers, are expected to fulfill their management and supervi-
sory responsibilities, and strictly abide by the code of professional ethics to ensure the sustainable growth and development of the Company.
The Company not only announces and places the aforesaid regulations under the rules and regulations section of its official website internally, but also regularly holds education 
and training programs to supervise and urge colleagues, managers, and members of the Board of directors to observe the principle of ethical corporate management when execut-
ing their official duties. Managers and members of the Board of Directors are also required to sign the Directors and Managers Ethical Code of Conduct when taking office to ensure 
they abide by the principles of ethical corporate management.
HannsTouch designates the Risk Control Project Office as the dedicated unit for promoting ethical corporate management. This unit is responsible for regularly checking and su-
pervising the implementation status of internal operating activities, advocating ethical corporate management and ethical professional acts, balancing the interests of stakehold-
ers, and reporting relevant work, supervision, and implementation status to the Board of Directors once every year. We regularly advocate and test directors and employees every 
year to reflect their behavioral literacy and professional ethics in compliance with workplace standards every year in accordance with the Ethical Corporate Management Princi-
ples. Those who violate the code or become involved in a reportable situation shall be reported directly to the Board of Directors.

40
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 2 ｜Corporate Governance
2.3.1 Zero-Corruption & Anti-Bribery Policy
The Company advocates ethical corporate management, and adheres strictly to high moral standards in all business practices. We adopt a zero-tolerance attitude towards corruption and bribery, 
and have established an ethical corporate management policy in accordance with the Ethical Corporate Management Principles and Guidelines for Conduct to define anti-corruption and anti-brib-
ery criteria. We also provide our employees and business partners with communication and training to assist them in preventing bribery and corruption, and report the effectiveness of such com-
munication and training to the Board of Directors.
All new employees are required to sign the Employees' Code of Ethics and Letter of Commitment to Integrity went joining the Company. Colleagues from the Human Resources Department imme-
diately advocate the importance of ethical corporate management and relevant punitive measures in the event of violations to new employees. The Prohibition of Provision or Acceptance of Im-
proper Interests is also communicated to employees at least once every year to require them to practically abide by the relevant regulations. In 2022, we conducted anti-corruption evaluations on 
100% of our operating sites; no major risk of corruption was identified.
Note : 
1. Since all new employees are required to accept training and advocacy of anti-corruption policies when joining the Company, the 
communication percentage is thus 100%.
2. The number of employees receiving anti-corruption training refers to the number of participants in the anti-corruption policy 
lecture held in 2022. The main participants were indirect personnel, resulting in a relatively low percentage.
2.3.2 Prevention of Insider Trading
To build a favorable internal major information processing and disclosure mechanism, avoid improper leaks of information, ensure the consistency and correctness of information released exter-
nally, and strengthen the prevention of insider trading, the Company has established the Procedures for Handling Major Internal Information and the Prevention of Insider Trading, and advocates 
relevant regulations to internal personnel at least once every year. In accordance with the provisions of Article 157-1 of the Securities and Exchange Act, a specific object who has actual knowledge 
of information that has a significant impact of the stock price of a stock issuing company shall not buy or sell this company's stock or other securities of an equity nature listed by this company or 
traded at any securities dealer, either in his/her own name or in the name of others, within 18 hours before or after the information is made public. In other words, insiders of the Company are pro-
hibited from utilizing undisclosed information in the market to trade securities to safeguard shareholders' interests, and assure equal treatment of shareholders. Furthermore, HannsTouch discuss-
es the relevant regulations on insider trading to all colleagues by email on an ad-hoc basis with the objective of strengthening colleagues' awareness of the regulatory compliance.
Effectiveness of Communication and Training for 
Anti-corruption Policies and Procedures
Employees
Number of employees who 
received communication
Communication 
percentage
Number of
employees trained
Training 
percentage
High-level leaders
17
100%
12
71%
Mid-level leaders
43
100%
25
68%
General employees
255
100%
94
62%

2.4 Internal control & Internal Audit
HannsTouch has established a dedicated audit unit under the Board of Directors, and appointed two full-time auditors (including one audit officer and one auditor). These audi-
tors are required to take charge of internal audits and regulatory compliance to ensure smooth operations in the spirit of independence and with an objective and impartial stand-
point in accordance with the internal control system and corporate regulations.
The audit targets include the Company and its subsidiaries. The scope of audits covers all financial and business operations and management. Audits are also implemented ac-
cording to the annual audit plan, and project audits are be implemented as needed. Internal auditors shall faithfully disclose audit findings in the audit report, present them to 
the responsible officer and supervisor, and regularly track the improvements. The audit officer reports to the Board of Directors as a nonvoting party to fulfill the spirit of 
corporate governance.
Self-evaluations of each unit are checked during internal audits, and used as the main basis for the chair and the president to evaluate the overall effectiveness of the internal con-
trol system and issue a statement on the internal control system together with improvements identified during an audit.
To ensure the effective implementation of the Company's 
internal control system, the Audit Office drafts an annual 
audit plan according to the characteristics of nine major 
cycles and with reference of the audit highlights to be 
reinforced according to the instructions indicated in the 
official letters received by the competent authority as well 
as the frequency of corporate transactions, the difficulties 
of work, and other practical operations. The Audit Office 
also determines the audit time of each audit item in con-
sideration of operating characteristics of the audit items 
and seasonal factors.
To fully understand existing operating status of the audit-
ed unit, the Audit Office determines the audit items and 
presents them to the officer for review according to the 
importance, risk, and transaction frequency of each task 
in each cycle. The Internal Control System and Detailed 
Rules for the Implementation of Internal Audits are adopt-
ed as the main design basis for the content, and the audit-
ing highlights are precisely defined.
To ensure the effective implementation of the Company's 
internal control system, the directors, independent direc-
tors, and management officer may designate projects for 
audit, and the auditors shall verify each audit task. Before 
the implementation of any audit task, the Internal Control 
System and Detailed Rules for the Implementation of In-
ternal Audits are adopted as main design basis to establish 
auditing procedures and facilitate the audit.
              Routine internal audits
       Ad-hoc internal audits
     Internal project audits
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 2 ｜Corporate Governance
41

42
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 2 ｜Corporate Governance
2.5 Regulatory Compliance
Compliance with regulatory requirements and legitimate and compliant operations are fundamental responsibilities of an enterprise, and also key to sustainable management. 
To ensure conformity of operating activities to the laws, regulations, and norms of the local government, HannsTouch has established a Legal Office to pay close attention to the 
formulation and latest amendments of regulations that may impact the Company, and to execute compliance evaluation work following review of regulations, policies, and legal 
documents in accordance with the Procedures for Use of Seals for Signing Contracts and Legal Needs to ensure that the practical operations of each unit comply with the relevant 
requirements. No fine or penalty was imposed on the Company due to major violations of laws and regulations in 2022.
2.5.1 Compliance Training
To provide each department with relevant assistance and consulting services regarding laws and regulations in real-time, we have established application forms for contract 
signing and use of seals in general documents in the internal system. Colleagues are able to flag their needs for legal services through the internal system. On an ad-hoc basis we 
organize education and training of various regulations and related online courses, compile FAQs, and announce relevant advocacy information according to the Company's annual 
development needs to guarantee that relevant colleagues are aware of the latest norms to review and update their practical operations and avoid unintended violations due to 
unfamiliarity with the regulations, but also to reinforce colleagues' awareness of regulatory compliance and morality so as to uphold the Company’s commitment on corporate 
social responsibility.
Education and Training of Regulatory Compliance in the Past Three Years
Year
Trainings course
Purpose and effect of the course
Training subjects
2020
Common Disputes Regarding Copyright and Trade Secrets 
in the Technology Industry: A Case Study
Enabling colleagues to have a preliminary understanding 
of copyright and trade secrets, and the concept of protect-
ing Company trade secrets.
All business and R&D colleagues as well as personnel of 
the Company who are interested in this topic
Contract Termination and Overtime Pay
Common Copyrights in Technology Industry: A Case Study
Enabling Company officers to strengthen understanding of 
the Labor Incident Act.
All employees
2021
How an Enterprise Implements Reasonable Confidentiality 
Measures and Establish Authorized Contracts
Understanding how an enterprise keeps its trade secrets.
All employees
2022
Brief Introduction to the Trade Secrets Act on the Intellec-
tual Property Rights Management System
Understanding how an enterprise manages its intellectual 
property rights.
All employees
Advocacy of Legal Affairs and Audits, and Lecture on Intel-
lectual Property Rights
Enabling colleagues to learn about integrity, contract sign-
ing, internal control, and intellectual property rights.
All employees

43
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 2 ｜Corporate Governance
Whistleblowing of violations of integrity 
and professional ethics
hts.integrity@hannstouch.com
Investigation of a reported case
Accepting unit: Audit
Topics related to ethical corporate management
1. Whistleblowing of violations of integrity and 
professional ethics
2. Convene meetings and report.
3. Judge and punish violations in accordance with 
the Procedures for Ethical Corporate Manage-
ment and Guidelines for Conduct and the Em-
ployee Code of Conduct.
4. Report investigation results and punitive mea-
sures to the Board of Directors regularly. 
1. Require the relevant unit to review 
the cause of violations internally, and 
submit an improvement report.
2. Amend internal and external manage-
ment policies and improve internal 
flows.
3. Strengthen internal and external 
advocacy, education and training to 
avoid recurrence.
Topics related to Employee Workplaces
1. Appeal of unlawful infringements in the workplace
2. Convene meetings and report.
3. Judge and punish violations in accordance with 
the Procedures for Ethical Corporate Manage-
ment and Guidelines for Conduct and the Em-
ployee Code of Conduct.
Appeal of unlawful occupational 
infringements
53668@hannstouch.com
Evidence searching, clarification and verification
Accepting unit: Human Resources
Dedicated section for stakeholders
HTS_IR@hannstouch.com
Evidence searching, clarification and verification
Accepting unit: The responsible unit is assigned 
according to the type of case.
2.5.2 Voicing complaints and suggestions
Corporate sustainable operations are based on honesty and responsible business actions. In view of this, we adopt various approaches for reporting cases and suggestions, and encourage stake-
holders to report, complain, or make suggestions regarding any unethical behavior or dishonest operations that impact the environment, the economy, society,
To create a communication-friendly environment, we have designated spaces for employees to communicate their opinions in the offices and plant area, established an open management mod-
el, offered diversified communicating channels, such as labor-management meetings and the Employee Welfare Committee, and set up a complaint hotline #53668 (meaning "I want to talk") and 
email (53668@hannstouch.com) so that employees can reflect on their issues and receive corresponding feedback.
HannsTouch announces these reporting channels on its official website. All internal and external personnel may directly report illegal activities to the Company through the public reporting mail-
box (hts.integrity@hannstouch.com), including suppliers, business partners, and other stakeholders. We also provide an option for anonymous reporting. The acceptance unit must keep the whis-
tleblowers' identity and incidents involved confidential, and shall not provide such information to any third party unless necessary for the investigation to avoid unfair treatment. The Company 
also accepts whistleblowing and investigations according to the Whistleblowing System, Complaint Channels, and Instructions for Reporting. This process is handled with complete confidentiality 
and following the principle of fairness. If an incident reported involves any directors or senior executives, it shall be presented to the independent directors, and the regulatory compliance depart-
ment, or another relevant department shall assist as necessary. If it is confirmed that the accused indeed has violated relevant laws and regulations, or relevant regulations of the Company on eth-
ical corporate management, the accused will immediately be required to stop and punishment will be administered appropriately. In certain cases, their actions will be reported to the competent 
authority, or handed over to a judicial agency for further investigation. If the reported situation is investigated and confirmed to be true, the relevant unit of the Company shall be ordered to review 
the internal control system and operating procedures, and propose measures for improvement to avoid recurrence. The dedicated unit of the Company shall report the situation, handling method, 
and subsequent review and improvement measures to the Board of Directors. In 2022, HannsTouch did not receive reports of any case.
Acceptance Flow of Reporting and Appealing Cases
Whistleblowing channel
Clarification, acceptance and 
investigation
Reporting and verdict
Improving, preventive, and 
corrective measures 

44
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 2 ｜Corporate Governance
2.6 Risk Management
To improve operation management, strengthen corporate management, and implement the 
risk management supervision function of the Board of Directors, the Company takes sustainable 
management as its ultimate goal of corporate operation. The Company defines various kinds 
of risks based on its overall operation guideline, and establishes a risk management mecha-
nism that can identify risks at any early stage, and accurately measure, effectively supervise, 
and strictly control the risks, with the objective to prevent possible losses. In accordance with 
the changes in the internal and external environments, the Company continues to adjust and 
improve the best risk management practices, so as to protect the interests of employees, share-
holders, partners, and customers, increase the value of the Company's sustainable manage-
ment, and achieve the goal of optimization of corporate resource allocation.
With respect to matters related to the Company's risk management, the Risk Control Project Of-
fice assigns responsible units according to the types and characteristics of each impacting risk. 
These responsible units shall report types of risks, description of impacts, and responsive strat-
egies and actions in risk management meetings. The Risk Control Project Office evaluates and 
reviews the results reported by each unit and then presents the results to the chief executive. If 
any impact is caused due to major risks, the chief executive will further report to the chairman.
To effectively identify and evaluate risks, the responsible units shall define items that affect 
quality, cost, and time as risks in accordance with the materiality principle. To be specific, the 
risks faced by the Company are classified into 12 risk classes and 25 risks, including risk of cli-
mate and environment, risk of supply chain, risk of information security, risk of exchange rate, 
etc. The following categories and items with relatively high risks are evaluated:
The Risk Management Process
Identify
Measure
Monitor
Report & 
disclosure
Respond & 
feedback
Climate and Environmental 
Change Risks
3
2.5
2
1.5
1
0.5
0
Risk of Business Strategy
Supply Chain Risks
Risk of information 
security
Risk of materials 
and equipment	
Product Marketing Risks
HR Risks
Risk of occupational safety
Risk of change in rate
Risk of change in 
exchange rate
Risk of financial reporting
Risk of Legal
Risk Control Radar Chart
3 
0.5
2.5
0
2
N+1
1.5
N
1
Risk category
Risk project
Risk of change in exchange rate
Hedging positions, strategies, and performance
Climate and Environmental 
Change Risks
Environmental pollution and energy consumption
HR Risks
Labor relations, personnel turnover, and employees' misconduct
Supply Chain Risks
Price fluctuation of raw materials, interruption of material supply, 
order fill, and customer complaints
Risk of materials and equipment
Management, renovation or purchasing of equipment and plants, 
and waste of raw materials
Product Marketing Risks
Product Marketing

45
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 2 ｜Corporate Governance
2.7 Information Security & 
Personal Information Risk
2.7.1 Information security Policies
To improve information security management, the Company 
designates the Information Management Section to review the 
information security governance policy adopted by each unit, and 
to supervise information security management operations with 
the aim that information security work be executed through good 
management, planning, supervision, guidance, and promotion by 
a professional information security unit. Work highlights include: 
Actively deploying protective measures; valuing the protection of 
personal information; strengthening audits of operating proce-
dures; implementing information security training and advocacy; 
constructing an all-around information security protection mech-
anism; improving colleagues' awareness of information security; 
and regularly evaluating information security risks and reporting 
them to the president.
The Company designates the Information Management Section to 
arrange, manage, supervise, and guide information security work 
as a whole. The main scope of work involves information services 
provided by the information department, as well as relevant de-
partments of the Company.
•Vulnerability scanning is conducted at least once every year, 
and patches are updated after vulnerability scanning.
•Relevant information security tests, such as verification of the 
effectiveness of protection system, are conducted once or twice 
every year.
•In 2022, the Company executed two information security ed-
ucation and training courses, and communicated information 
security regularly.
•The Company is expected to initially introduce an ISO 27000 
system and obtain relevant third-party verification in 2024.
A safe information security environment can be provided through 
the operations of the information department and execution of 
an information security policy to assure the information security 
of each service provided by the Company. The Company regularly 
reviews its information security policy to reflect the latest updates 
and developments to laws and regulations, technology, and busi-
ness, and ensures the effectiveness of practical information secu-
rity work.
Yes
No
Start
Confirm an information 
security incident
Report an information 
security incident
Level-1 incidents
In case of a violation 
of the law
Notify the police
Level-2 and level-3 
incidents
Incident handling and 
recording
Conduct non-local 
rebooting work
Take corrective measures and 
review the system again
End of the incident
Incident handling and 
recording
Judge the level of information 
security incident
Initiate an operation 
continuity plan if required
Incident Response Process for 
Information Security Events

46
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 2 ｜Corporate Governance
2.7.2 Information security management measures
To implement information security management, the Company has established an ISO level-2 document, the Management Procedure for Information Security, and a total of 24 
level-3 documents (administrative measures). The information management items executed on this basis cover: the telecommunications equipment business, antivirus software, 
security zone management, office information work, access of electronic files, operation continuity management, system development and maintenance, checks of account au-
thority twice a year, network communication, remote login, mobile office work, email safety, personnel safety, third-party service security, the firewall system, information device 
authorization and protection, risk management of information assets, and information security emergency response work, etc. The Company also strictly manages data utilization 
and information security maintenance, and has established a complete network and computer system protection mechanism, e.g., firewalls in internal applications, an email 
cloud protection system, endpoint antivirus software, and electronic file management, etc. It also controls personnel permissions and records to reduce information security risks. 
The Company regularly updates and maintains such systems, and promotes information security education and training for employees.
Since cybersecurity has already become a priority for all enterprises, the Company has built relevant protection mechanisms, e.g., an open-source endpoint protection system, to 
strengthen the security of work computers. Additionally, the Company has built an email storage mechanism for auditors to audit external and internal mails and resist various un-
lawful incidents. Firewalls have been set up between the factories and offices network to effectively protect data exchange. The Company has also allocated deputy manager Lin, 
Wen-Pin as the information security officer, and senior engineer Wang, Wei as the dedicated information security specialist to meet the requirements raised by the Financial Super-
visory Commission that TWSE/TPEx listed companies under NT$ 10 billion must allocate an information security officer and information security specialist by the end of 2023. The 
following tasks fall under this remit.
Personal Data Management Policy
To ensure that the Company's confidential information, trade secrets, and personal information is properly protected, and the information security protection capabilities are con-
tinually strengthened, relevant information work shall not only abide by international information security standards, but also comply with the relevant laws, regulations, and rules 
at home and abroad, and promote relevant confidential information protection work, including: 
1. Advocating the concept and observation of confidential information through daily work practice and regular communications. 
2. Organizing education and training for employees to improve their awareness of and competency in information security. In addition to including control of confidential informa-
tion in required courses for new employees, the Company aims to continually strengthen and improve employees' awareness of information security.
3. Employees are requested to turn off computer hosts and screens when leaving their seats and at the end of the working day, and to lock screens and enable password protec-
tion when leaving computers temporarily to protect data from prying eyes.
4. The relevant data management department is responsible for setting browsing permissions for employees' personal information and customers' data.
Personnel of the information department of the Company regularly reviews the relevant personal information of employees and customers to ensure the servers used to store 
personal information are not attacked and to check whether any data has been stolen. Control of personnel in the computer room is also strengthened to prevent the outflow of 
important personal information.
In 2022, the information system of the Company blocked mail attacks a total of 95,063 times over, and no complaints regarding an 
infringement upon customers' privacy or loss of customers' data occurred.
Computer information 
security control (SMARTIT System)
Software and hardware 
building and maintenance
Confidential information management
Database backup (daily) 
and restoration practice (twice a year)
Overall planning of upgrading and 
replacement of the information system
System security protection and control

47
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc. 47
2022 和鑫光電永續報告書   Chapter 2 ｜ 公司治理
Supply Chain 
Management
3
Chapter
• 3.1 Sustainable Value Chain
• 3.2 Sustainable Procurement
• 3.3 Suppliers Assessment of Risks
• 3.4 Suppliers Management Strategies
• 3.5 Customer Service

48
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 3 ｜Corporate Governance
SDGs
Material topic
204-1 Proportion of spending on local suppliers
308-1 Selection of New Suppliers Based on Environmental Standards
414-1 Selection of New Suppliers Based on Social Criteria
Procurement Practices & Management
By establishing a robust procurement process and cooperative relationships, we aim to maintain a stable and environmentally conscious supply chain. We also prioritize our 
suppliers' environmental and social responsibilities and drive their ESG performance through annual evaluations and audit requirements.
•By 2030, our main suppliers are expected to adhere to environmental management system (ISO 14001) and social issues (ISO 45001) standards.
•We aim to establish strategic partnerships with suppliers that align with sustainable development standards, working together to promote the development of a green sup-
ply chain and achieve comprehensive improvements in ESG performance.
•Supplier Audit and Evaluation Results
•According to our organization's internal "ESG Policy" and "Conflict Minerals Policy," suppliers are required to adhere to relevant regulations and guidelines.
•We have established a green supply chain management system and developed a Supplier Code of Conduct in accordance with RBA (Responsible Business Alliance) guidelines.
•In 2022, no significant deficiencies or risks were found in the audit and evaluation results of our suppliers.
•In 2022, our local procurement accounted for 99.5% of the budget expenditure.
•100% of our main suppliers have passed the quality management system ISO 9001.
•100% of our main suppliers have adopted the Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) Code of Conduct.
•94% of our main suppliers have achieved compliance with environmental standards (ISO 14001 Environmental Management System).
•71% of our main suppliers have achieved compliance with social standards (ISO 45001 Occupational Health and Safety Management System).
•In 2022, a total of 17 suppliers successfully signed the Conflict Minerals Policy commitment letter, with a 100% success rate in obtaining supplier signatures in return.
Policies and 
Commitment
Goals and 
Targets
Effectiveness 
tracking system
Annual action 
and 
measure
Corresponding 
GRI Index
Management of HannsTouch’s “ Procurement Practices & Management “ in Material Topic in 2022

3.1 Sustainable Value Chain
HannsTouch is a company operating in the touch panel industry, primarily engaged in the production of projected capacitive touch sensor and thin-film transistor backplanes. The touch sensor 
products include professional OEM production of touch sensors or modules, as well as touch sensor design and manufacturing services. In the realm of thin-film transistor backplane products, the 
company specializes in the OEM production of glass substrate for thin-film transistor and offers glass substrate design and manufacturing services. In 2022, there were no significant changes in the 
company's supply chain or in the business relationships with upstream and downstream suppliers and customers.
Our company's business philosophy is to achieve win-win situations with suppliers and customers and ensure that they comply with ethical and environmental standards in their practices and 
principles. In addition to conducting regular audits of suppliers, we also maintain regular communication and offer incentives such as shorter payment terms to suppliers who have achieved out-
standing cooperative results. To enforce supply chain management, we continuously strive for improvement in our construction and other business services by strengthening collaboration with 
upstream, midstream, and downstream supply chain partners. Furthermore, we actively drive the improvement of suppliers and contractors in various aspects of ESG. Through regular communi-
cation, self-evaluation, management audits, and sharing of experiences among management levels, we aim to enhance partnerships with our key suppliers and contractors. Together, we strive to 
deliver high-quality products and services to create sustainable value.
49
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 3 ｜Corporate Governance

50
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 3 ｜Corporate Governance
Glass Substrate
Glass Substrate
HannsTouch's Industry Value Chain
Touch Product
Thin-Film Transistor
Display
ePaper Display
Thin-Film Transistor Process
Thin-Film Transistor Process
Thin-Film Transistor Backplane
Thin-Film Transistor Backplane
Liquid-Crystal
ePaper
Soft board
Cover Lens
Color Filter FPC
IC Driver IC FPC
FPC
FPC
Backlight Module
Protector
Sensor Glass
Control module
Electrical conductor 
material Cover Lens
Tempered glass
IC controller 
Sensor Glass
TFT-LCD/AMOLED
Thin-Film Transistor Display Module
ePaper Display Module
Glass substrate

51
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 3 ｜Corporate Governance
3.2 Sustainable Procurement
In our key operational locations, including those remain within the confine of operational boundaries mentioned in this report, we strive to prioritize local procurement to mini-
mize carbon emissions from long-distance transportation and support local business development. In 2021, due to our needs for business expansion, we imported several equip-
ment from overseas, resulting in a lower proportion of local procurement. However, in 2022, the proportion of local procurement returned to over 90% at 99.5%, increasing by ap-
proximately 25.8% compared to the previous year. Additionally, we actively enforce a green procurement policy by sourcing environmentally certified products and renting office 
supplies such as multifunction printers and recycled paper. We are committed to purchasing products that have minimal impact on our environment.
HannsTouch's Local Procurement Ratio in the Past 3 Years
   96.3%
Year
2020 
2021
 2022
Local Procurement Ratio
99.5％
73.7%         	

52
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 3 ｜Corporate Governance
3.3 Supplier Risk Assessment
To mitigate risks and continually improve the overall quality of our supply chain, we have established the "Supplier Evaluation and Audit Operation Standards." This policy is in-
corporated into the essential elements of supplier procurement management, requiring all raw material suppliers to sign the "Supplier Environmental Management Cooperation 
Measures Statement," "Certificate of Non-Use of Environmentally Related Substances by Suppliers," "Conflict Minerals Policy Declaration," "Supplier Code of Conduct Statement," 
and "REACH Regulation Requirements Survey." By signing these documents, suppliers commit to ensuring that their supplied products or components, corporate governance 
practices, and protection of worker rights align with our company's ESG principles. For suppliers who do not meet our requirements, we actively assist and guide them in making 
improvements. We also prioritize improving employee health and safety, human rights, and corporate social responsibility with an aim to mitigate supply chain risks. In case of 
any violations of the relevant provisions, our company reserves the right to terminate or dissolve contracts, encouraging our supplier partners to collectively strive for enhanced 
corporate social responsibility.
3.3.1 Policy on the Prohibition of Conflict Minerals
In order to achieve responsible and sustainable procurement, we have developed a conflict minerals policy and commit to conducting due diligence in accordance with the stan-
dards outlined in the OECD Due Diligence Guidance for Responsible Supply Chains of Minerals from Conflict-Affected and High-Risk Areas (referred to as the "OECD Due Diligence 
Guidance"). We conduct due diligence investigations and ensure that 100% of our procurement is sourced from smelters or refineries that have undergone third-party verification, 
thereby prohibiting the sourcing of conflict minerals from high-risk areas.
Following the results of investigations conducted by the Responsible Minerals Initiative (RMI), we have explicitly included provisions in our Supplier Management Procedures and 
Hazardous Substance Management of Products that prohibit the use of conflict minerals since 2014, which not only ensures that we avoid inadvertently sourcing metals from 
conflict minerals but also clearly stated requirements for both ourselves and our suppliers. Policies were also established for the supply chain to reasonably ensure the traceability 
of tantalum, tin, tungsten, cobalt, and gold used in their manufactured products and to conduct due diligence on the source and regulatory chain of custody, in accordance with 
the OECD Due Diligence Guidance or equivalent recognized due diligence frameworks. In 2022, the percentage of suppliers who signed the conflict minerals policy commitment 
reached 100%, with a total of 17 suppliers successfully signing the commitment.
94% of our key suppliers have acquired ISO 14001 
environmental management system certification.
In order to mitigate environmental risks, we consistently require our 
"key suppliers" to acquire ISO 14001 environmental management sys-
tem certification. In 2022, we conducted environmental risk assess-
ments for 35 key suppliers with whom we had actual transactions. 
Out of these, 33 suppliers, accounting for approximately 94%, have 
acquired ISO 14001 environmental management system certification. 
For the remaining 2 suppliers who have not acquired certification, we 
conducted risk identification after which we confirmed that all key 
raw material suppliers have no significant actual or potential negative 
impacts on our environment.
71% of our key suppliers have acquired ISO 
45001 certification.
In order to avoid social risks related to occupa-
tional health and safety in the supply chain, 25 
suppliers have acquired ISO 45001 certification in 
2022, ensuring that they meet our company's basic 
requirements for occupational safety & health and 
take effective measures to prevent negative inci-
dents from occurring.
All of our main suppliers have achieved ISO 9001 
certification and met the Responsible Business 
Alliance (RBA) standards.
In 2022, all our suppliers have acquired ISO 9001 
certification and met the Responsible Business Alli-
ance (RBA) standards. After thorough evaluation and 
approval, they have been recognized as qualified 
suppliers who meet the required standards. This 
ensures that our suppliers adhere to responsible 
business practices.
Environmental Risks
Social Risks
Governance Risks

53
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 3 ｜Corporate Governance
3.4 Suppliers Management Strategies
To strengthen sustainable supply chain management, we have established a Green Supply 
Chain management system since 2011. Following the RBA (Responsible Business Alliance) 
guidelines, we have stipulated a Supplier Code of Conduct Statement that requires suppliers 
to commit and ensure that their products do not contain harmful substances regulated by our 
company. We also require suppliers to collect and provide information on the toxicity and pro-
hibition of relevant chemicals (SDS/MCD) to demonstrate the evaluation results of their green 
product management system. In addition, we have developed "Supplier Evaluation and Audit 
Operation Standards" that emphasize the importance of sustainable development and require 
suppliers to meet key indicators such as ISO 9001, RoHS (HSF), ISO 14001, ISO 45001, and RBA. 
We expect suppliers to eliminate forced labor, prohibit child labor, avoid conflict minerals, and 
ensure that their products do not contain harmful substances regulated by our company to en-
sure environmental protection and safeguard consumer health and safety.
Furthermore, to uphold and respect the basic human rights of our business partners, we sup-
port the "Responsible Minerals Initiative" of the Electronic Industry Citizenship Coalition (EICC) 
and the Global e-Sustainability Initiative (GeSI). We adhere to the "Conflict-free Smelter Program 
(CFSP)" and procure raw materials from non-conflict regions. By integrating the aforementioned 
environmental protection, labor and human rights standards, we have established guidelines 
for evaluating and auditing new suppliers and conducting annual assessments and necessary 
auditing of existing suppliers.
If suppliers have deficiencies such as unregulated upper and lower limits for process operation 
data, undefined controls for product returns, or instances of non-compliance, they are required 
to respond with corrective action plans within 7 working days after the audit according to our 
company's regulations. Failure to make improvements within the specified time frame may re-
sult in exclusion from future collaboration. In the year 2022, 2 new suppliers were evaluated, 10 
existing suppliers underwent annual assessments, and 11 supplier audits were conducted. The 
results did not reveal any significant deficiencies or risks.

54
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 3 ｜Corporate Governance
3.4.2 Supplier Audit
In addition, we also conduct regular on-site audits of our suppliers, with at least one audit every three years. The audit results are categorized into A-grade, B-grade, and C-grade, with C-grade indicating 
non-compliance. Suppliers rated as C-grade are deemed ineligible, their procurement halted, and their qualified supplier status revoked. Here are the supplier audit results for the past three years:
3.4.1 Supplier Evaluation
Through supplier visits and communication, we gather information about the compliance status of our business partners to ensure the implementation of various regulations and remind them 
when necessary. We conduct annual evaluations specifically for key material suppliers, adjusting the weighting of evaluation criteria based on their significant impact on our business operations. 
In 2022, our supplier evaluation criteria and their respective weights were as follows: Quality System (including RBA) - 30%, Price Competitiveness - 25%, Delivery Stability - 20%, Technical Support 
- 20%, After-sales Service - 5%. The evaluation results are categorized into A-grade, B-grade, and C-grade. Suppliers rated as C-grade are considered non-compliant, and they are given a one-month 
deadline to submit an improvement report and undergo a successful reevaluation. Failure to comply within the specified timeframe will result in termination of cooperation. Our supplier evalua-
tion results over the past three years are as follows:
Our Supplier Audit for the Past 3 Years
Audit Methods
2020
2021
   2022
Number of estimated onsite audits
 10
 11
   15
Number of actual onsite audits
 10
   7
     2
Number of Audits Conducted through 
Written Approach
    0
    4
     9
Achievement rate
  100%
  100%
           73.3%
Note:
1. Due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, most supplier audits were conducted through written audits during 
the period of 2021-2022.
2. In 2022, four suppliers temporarily suspended audits due to no purchasing requirements for the year.
Our Supplier Evaluation Results for the Past 3 Years
Grade
2020
2021
2022  
Grade A
                         10 
                      11   
                      10  
Grade B
                           0
                        0   
                        0
Grade C
                           0
                        0
                        0
Our Supplier Audit Results for the Past 3 Years
Grade
2020
2021
2022  
Grade A
                         10 
                      11   
                      11  
Grade B
                           0
                        0   
                        0
Grade C
                           0
                        0
                        0

55
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 3 ｜Corporate Governance
3.5 Customer Service
With the belief in prioritizing customer satisfaction as our highest standard, we open up various communication channels to listen to the voices of our customers and better understand their needs. 
In order to effectively address customer concerns, we have established customer service protocols within our company, requiring our service representatives to provide an initial analysis report and 
respond to customers within 7 business days upon receiving returns. Furthermore, we have established a system to track case handling progress and ensure timely responses, aiming to resolve 
customer issues within the shortest possible time frame. We continuously review the causes of incidents and closely monitor the follow-up actions taken to address them.
In terms of product information disclosure, we believe that customers and end-users should have immediate access to relevant information regarding the products and services they are interested 
in. This includes details about the safety of product usage, proper handling methods, and the sources of product ingredients. Additionally, we provide information on the social and environmental 
impacts of our products, enabling customers to make informed and responsible purchasing decisions.
Furthermore, we maintain strong partnerships with international major manufacturers and strive to meet our customer requirements for qualified suppliers who comply with ESG (Environmental, 
Social, and Governance) standards such as occupational health and safety, hazardous substances control, waste and wastewater discharge, and greenhouse gas reduction. Our goal is to become 
the most trustworthy business partner for our customers by meeting their expectations in these areas.
3.5.1 Customer Satisfaction Surveys
Considering customer feedback as a crucial foundation for enhancing customer relationships, we gather customer insights through various channels to understand their needs. In response to 
customer opinions, we conduct regular surveys in the second quarter every year and allow a one-month response period. By reviewing and analyzing the feedback, we develop appropriate im-
provement plans and establish a comprehensive process for addressing customer needs. Each year, we conduct customer satisfaction surveys from four perspectives: "Product Quality," "Delivery," 
"Service Support & Price," and "RD & Technical Support."
3.5.2 Customer Privacy and Intellectual Property Protection
Considering our commitment to providing comprehensive customer service, we strive to protect customer privacy and intellectual property to ensure that the products we offer comply with inter-
national regulations and meet customer requirements, while minimizing the impact on health and safety throughout the product lifecycle. In addition to conducting regular compliance audits of 
environmental, health, and safety regulations, we have never experienced any incidents of violating marketing communication regulations and standards, nor have we been penalized for breaches 
of customer privacy or intellectual property rights.
Our Customer Satisfaction Survey Results of the Past 3 Years
Year
2022
2021
2020
      18.34 
17
     17.25
Product(Quality & HSP)
33.33 
33.33
Delivery
20 
21
19
Service Support & Price
18.68 
17.67
16.75
RD & Technical Support
90.35
89.00
85.50
Total
32.5

56
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc. 56
2022 和鑫光電永續報告書   Chapter 2 ｜ 公司治理
Environmental 
Protection
4
Chapter
• 4.1 Task Force on Climate-related 
             Financial Disclosures (TCFD)
• 4.2 Energy Management
• 4.3 GHG Emissions
• 4.4 Air pollution control
• 4.5 Water Resource Management
• 4.6 Waste Disposal

57
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 4 ｜Environmental Protection
57
SDGs
Material topic
201-2 Financial implications and other risks and opportunities due to climate change
Climate Change Adaptation
By regularly reviewing and evaluating climate risks and allocating resources to address climate issues, we effectively respond to the risks brought about by climate change 
and enhance the resilience of our organization's operations.
•Short-term Goals:
    Through the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) framework, we consistently monitor the potential impacts of climate risks on our operations.
•Medium –Long term Goals:
    We are increasing our investment in addressing climate change issues to effectively reduce financial losses caused by climate risks and enhance our ability to capitalize on 
    climate opportunities for financial growth.
We effectively manage climate risks by fully leveraging the four key elements of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD), which encompass governance, 
strategy, risk management, and metrics and targets.
•The ESG Project Team has convened relevant members and engaged external consultants to facilitate discussions on the climate-related risks and opportunities for 
HannsTouch.
•We will disclose in this report the impact of the four key elements of TCFD and climate-related risks and opportunities on our financial activities.
Policies and 
Commitment
Goals and 
Targets
Effectiveness 
tracking system
Annual action 
and 
measure
Corresponding 
GRI Index
Management of HannsTouch’s “Climate Change Adaptation” in Material Topic in 2022

58
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 4 ｜Environmental Protection
58
Management of HannsTouch’s “Energy and GHG Management” in Material Topic in 
SDGs
Material topic
302-1 Energy consumption within the organization
302-3 Energy intensity
302-4 Reduction of energy consumption
305-2 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions
305-3 Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions
Energy and GHG Management
We are committed to practicing energy efficiency and reducing greenhouse gas emissions as part of our responsibility to mitigate climate change. By regularly monitoring en-
ergy consumption and emission data, we take various reduction and energy substitution measures to achieve our GHG reduction targets in separate stages.
•GHG Reduction Target (Baseline Year: 2017, Greenhouse Gas Emissions: 80,606.640 tCO2e)
•30% reduction in greenhouse gas emissions by 2030
•50% reduction in greenhouse gas emissions by 2040
•80% reduction in greenhouse gas emissions by 2050
•We conduct data inventories and acquire third-party verification using the ISO 14001 and ISO 14064-1 methodologies.
•Data on Energy Consumption
•Data on Greenhouse Gas Emission
•In 2022, the annual reduction rate of greenhouse gas emissions was 33.1%, a decrease by 30.2% compared to the baseline year of 2017 (80,606.640 tCO2e).
•The greenhouse gas emission intensity in 2022 was 0.0234 (metric tons of CO2e) per thousand dollars of revenue.
•The energy intensity in 2022 was 0.139 (energy consumption in GJ) per thousand dollars of total annual revenue.
•At least 15 energy conservation and carbon reduction projects were enforced in the factories, including equipment replacement and process improvements, resulting in a 
reduction of approximately 2,821,589.5 Kilogram of CO2e annually.
•The enforcement of the CVD exhaust static pressure reduction and FAB 5F DCC PUMP load reduction action plans resulted in a total reduction of approximately 163.6 metric 
tons of CO2e.
Policies and 
Commitment
Goals and 
Targets
Effectiveness 
tracking system
Annual action 
and 
measure
Corresponding 
GRI Index
305-4 GHG emissions intensity
305-5 Reduction of GHG emissions
•Starting from 2023, we acquire ISO 14064-1 third-party verification annually.
•We enforce energy conservation and carbon reduction projects to reduce en-
ergy consumption and greenhouse gas emissions.
•We install additional photovoltaic generators and expanding self-consump-
tion of renewable energy to achieve energy transition.

59
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 4 ｜Environmental Protection
4.1 Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD)
In recent years, the frequency of climate change-induced disasters has been increasing. To proactively address climate-related disasters and prevent potential financial losses, we have adopted 
the climate-related financial disclosure recommendations developed by the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD), a global organization established by the Financial Stability 
Board (FSB) in 2015. We voluntarily disclose our company's proposed policies and preventive measures in response to climate-related risks and appropriately disclose the financial impact caused 
by such risks. Furthermore, after taking effective climate adaptation and disaster recovery measures, we identify opportunities to ensure profitability and strengthen our company's climate resil-
ience in order to cope with the subsequent climate disasters that may arise.
Core Elements of TCFD
4.1.1 TCFD Four Core Elements
Core Elements
By incorporating the potential impacts of climate change into overall business considerations, we assess the probability and extent of risks and develop action plans for risk response and mit-
igation. Based on business type, risk strategy, and financial planning, we identify physical and transitional risks and opportunities. Through scenario modeling of potential climate-induced fi-
nancial impacts in the future, we proactively develop action plans for risk response, mitigation measures, and crisis management mechanisms, including efficient resource utilization, pollution 
prevention, waste reduction, and clean production.
In order to address the environmental impact of global climate change and greenhouse effects, we not only take energy conservation and carbon reduction measures, but also promote energy 
management, waste reduction, and green procurement in offices and public areas. We prioritize the purchase of products with energy-saving and environmentally friendly labels and ensure 
compliance with government regulations for energy conservation and carbon reduction.
For detailed information on our major short, medium, and long-term risks and opportunities, please refer to "The Impact of Climate Risks and Opportunities on Our Financial Activities."
Action Plan
• Our ESG Project Team convenes relevant members periodically to discuss various issues and their potential impacts on both internal and external aspects of the organization. This includes 
identifying and assessing climate risks and addressing climate impacts. Once climate impacts are identified, meetings are held with senior executives (such as the General Manager) to 
deliberate on climate risks and opportunities. In response to the potential harm posed by these risks, improvement measures are proposed to mitigate climate-induced financial risks while 
effort are made to identify corresponding climate-related financial opportunities.
• The ESG Project Team reports the annual ESG performance to the General Manager and receives confirmation on the short, medium, and long-term objectives to address climate issues. It is 
anticipated that in 2023, the Board of Directors will receive a report on the annual ESG performance, which will encompass climate change-related topics.
In order to identify and assess significant impacts of climate risks on our business operations, we incorporate climate risks into our risk management system. The ESG Project Team/Audit Unit 
regularly assesses climate risks to evaluate their impact on our financial activities, which serve as the basis for policy development and goal-setting. We also establish comprehensive climate 
management procedures, including the steps of identification, assessment, management, recovery, and adaptation, all of which are monitored by the Audit Unit.
Governance
Strategy
Risk management

60
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 4 ｜Environmental Protection
We are aware of the impact and risks of climate change, and to mitigate such negative impact, we have a set of indicators and goals to help us manage the risks and opportunities brought by 
extreme weather.
• Energy Efficiency and Carbon Reduction: We are committed to taking energy efficiency and carbon reduction measures as part of our medium to long-term plan. Our goal is to achieve a 30% 
reduction in carbon emissions by 2030, using 2017 as the baseline year. The primary measures we undertake include: (industrial safety office)
• Electricity: We implement lighting equipment that meets energy efficiency standards and carries eco-friendly labels. We ensure that the air conditioning and lighting in unoccupied meet-
ing rooms are switched off, only essential lighting in offices and public areas during lunch breaks are turned on. Our target is to achieve a 10% reduction in electricity consumption by 2030, 
based on the 2020 baseline year (factory department).
• Water: We not only promote water conservation, but also take action by regulating the output of faucets and replacing faucets and water closets with Water Efficiency Labeled parts and 
products. It is estimated that the annual water consumption will be reduced to 300-400 cubic meters per day by 2030 (factory department).
• Waste Management: We promote waste reduction policies and encourage the efficient use of office documents and paper by implementing double-sided printing and reusing paper 
whenever possible. The photocopy paper we use is sourced from brands with green pulp certification. We also take measures to reduce raw materials in our manufacturing processes and 
establish SRS (Sustainable Resource System) to enhance waste management practices. Our medium to long-term plan aims to achieve a 50% reduction in waste by 2030, using 2020 as the 
baseline year. (industrial safety office)
• Process Gas: The exhaust gases emitted from the use of NF3 and N2O in our processes are first treated by combustion-based treatment equipment before being released into the CVD ex-
haust system for further processing. The reduction of process gas emissions is calculated based on the IPCC 2019 guidelines. In 2022, the process gas emissions decreased by 29,377.8522 
metric tons of CO2e compared to 2021.
• GHG: In 2022, our greenhouse gas emissions were as follows: Scope 1 emissions amounted to 10,595.9361 metric tons of CO2e, and Scope 2 emissions amounted to 45,655.8379 metric tons of 
CO2e. These reductions in carbon emissions were achieved due to the effectiveness of our energy-saving policies compared to the baseline year of 2017. Our company will continue to moni-
tor and manage greenhouse gas emissions on a regular basis. We are also committed to obtaining third-party verification of our greenhouse gas inventories in accordance with the 
ISO 14064-1 standard by 2023. This will help establish energy-saving strategies and action plans, while promoting international discussions on greenhouse gas emissions and global 
warming issues.
Goals and Targets
Core Elements
Action Plan

61
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 4 ｜Environmental Protection
4.1.2 Climate Situational Analysis
Climate Change Risks Situational
The ESG Project Team has evaluated the potential impacts of climate disasters based on the selected 
RCP climate scenarios within a range of 2.4 ° C to 4.4 ° C. Using publicly available climate models and 
mapping platforms such as the "Taiwan Climate Change Projection Information and Adaptation Knowl-
edge Platform (TCCIP)" and the "Disaster Potential Map," we have simulated climate scenarios ranging 
from RCP2.6 to RCP8.5. Based on these simulations, we have estimated that the increase in average 
maximum daily rainfall by the end of the century does not exceed the disaster threshold set by the "Di-
saster Potential Map" at 650 millimeters of rainfall within 24 hours. Therefore, our company does not 
face an immediate risk of flooding due to heavy rainfall. However, we acknowledge that natural disasters 
such as typhoons may still pose potential risks, including work suspensions, transportation difficulties, 
supply chain disruptions, and employee absenteeism. We will remain vigilant and prepared to address 
these challenges as they arise.
Climate scenarios and related indicators adopted by our com-
pany based on the IPCC RCP framework
Highest daily rainfall estimates at HannsTouch
（Source: Taiwan Climate Change Projection Information and Adaptation Knowledge Platform (TCCIP)）
RCP 2.6
~2.4 ° C
Highest volumes of rainfall 209.1mm
Annual average temperature is 25.9 degrees
RCP 8.5
~4.4 ° C
Highest volumes of rainfall 245.6mm
Annual average temperature is 28.1 degrees
In terms of annual average temperature, although the county where our STSP plant is 
located is not estimated to reach a 2℃ temperature increase before 2060 in various sce-
narios, it may still have implications such as increased air conditioning costs, reduced 
lifespan of instruments and equipment, write-offs and premature retirement of existing 
assets, increased costs of infrastructure, and potential reduction in the production of cer-
tain goods.
The flood risk map for the maximum daily rainfall in HannsTouch
Mean annual temperature estimate at HannsTouch
（Source: Taiwan Climate Change Projection Information and Adaptation Knowledge Platform (TCCIP)）
（Source: 3D Disaster Potential Map）
Situation
Temperature Rise
Climate-Related 
data index

62
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 4 ｜Environmental Protection
① The introduction of government regulations on energy and carbon reduction has resulted in an 
increased operating cost.
② Climate abnormalities such as storms and typhoons have caused production line disruptions.
③ Climate abnormalities, such as rising temperatures, have resulted in equipment malfunctions 
within the factory, which not only affects the production line but also results in an increased power 
consumption for office air conditioning.
❶ Enhancing resource efficiency to reduce power consumption, cut water consumption, and lower 
operating costs.
❷ Expanding the offering of low-carbon products and services to meet the needs of our customers.
❸ Strengthening resilience to climate risks to avoid impact brought about by natural disasters and 
market pressures, thus enhancing overall corporate value.
Transition Climate Risk Situational
We did a calculation based on the NDCs (Nationally Determined Contributions) and national regulations (the Greenhouse Gas Reduction and Management Act, and the Renewable Energy Develop-
ment Act) as to the impact the future cost of electricity will have on our finances. With the goal of reducing GHG by 50% for business as usual (BAU) processes in 2030, Taiwan will increase its renew-
able energy from 5.6% in 2019 to 40% by 2030, as National Energy Policy regulates. Considering the higher cost of renewable energy in Taiwan, we project power costs to increase from NT$2.63/
kWh in 2019 to 3.88 in 2030, based on outsourced electricity.
From our purchase of 8,963,740,27 kWh power in 2022, the same amount of electricity will cost us NT$ 34,779,312,274 in 2030. Based on this calculation, we studied the feasibility of reducing our 
electricity outsourcing and installation to provide renewable energy for Company use. HannsTouch will continue to implement various energy-saving measures, to reduce impact of electricity use
4.1.3 Financial impact of Climate-related Risks & Opportunities 
We have assessed climate risks and opportunities, and ranked them based on the degree of impact and chance of occurrence, where the former is categorized into low, medium and high, and the 
latter not likely, likely, and very likely. Each risk is mapped and issued with a response or measure to build our resilience toward the positive as well as undesirable impacts of climate change
Matrix of climate-related risks and opportunities
list of climate-related risks and opportunities
Degree of 
Impact
Medium
Low
High
①  
❷  
❸  
②
③
❶
Short-term                     Medium-term                      Long-term
Climate change risks
Climate change 

63
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 4 ｜Environmental Protection
After risk assessment, our company has analyzed the financial impacts of climate change and identified the annual adaptation measures. The disclosure of "Climate-related risks and financial im-
pacts" and "Climate-related opportunities and financial impacts" is as follows:
Climate related risks and financial impact
Category
Climate 
related risk
Impact 
period
Description of Risk Content
Potential financial impact
Adaptation and mitigation measures
Transitional 
risk
Policy and regulation
Policy and 
regulation
Long-
term
•According to the Renewable Energy Act's 
provisions for large electricity consumers that 
came into effect in 2021, electricity consumers 
with a contracted capacity of 5,000 kW or 
above are required to self-generate 10% of their 
electricity from green sources within 5 years.
•Increased energy costs
•The voltage sag caused the entire plant to 
shut down for 30.15 hours, with a loss of 
approximately 3,263 large panels, 147 large 
panels in heavy industry, and 205 large 
panels scrapped. The amount of loss was 
approximately NT$15.793 million.
•In 2022, a total of 15 energy conservation and carbon reduc-
tion projects were enforced in the factory, including equip-
ment replacement and process improvements, among other 
measures. These initiatives resulted in an annual electricity 
savings of approximately 5,543,397.85 kWh.
•Furthermore, the action plan on the CVD exhaust static pres-
sure reduction and FAB 5F DCC PUMP load reduction led to a 
reduction of approximately 163.6 metric tons of CO2e emissions.
Medium-
term
•Taiwan “Climate Change Response Act”
•Increase in operating costs (carbon fees)
Physical 
risk
Immediate
Typhoon. 
Flood e.g., 
extreme 
weather
Short-
term
•Potential production suspension.
•Impact on workforce attendance.
•Disruption in transportation and potential loss 
of goods.
•Delay on work schedule
•Equipment & personnel loss
•Overtime labor costs incurred after work 
suspension, estimated to be approximately 
NTD 260,160.
•Effectively addressing the impact of climate change on trans-
portation (shipping schedules) by coordinating with logistics 
suppliers to unload containers early at alternative ports, thereby 
avoiding delays in return trips due to adverse sea conditions.
Chronic
Changes 
in rainfall 
patterns
Medium-
term
•Flooding
•Drought
•Increased manufacturing costs due to the 
need to purchase additional water. The 
unit cost of water transported by water 
truck is approximately 1,000 New Taiwan 
Dollars per ton. Roughly estimating, it 
would result in an additional expenditure 
of approximately 36 million New Taiwan 
Dollars over six months (200 tons of water 
per day * 30 days * 6 months).
•To mitigate the impact of water shortage on our business oper-
ations, we have taken the following measures:
    Our water conservation initiatives include: 
    (1) Ceasing the use of water for irrigation purposes. 
    (2) Increasing the conductivity of cooling tower to reduce the 
amount of water discharge. 
    (3) Extending the regeneration time of Ultrapure Water (UPW) 
through MMF & ACF (Mixed Media Filtration and Activated 
Carbon Filtration). 
    (4) Recycling process advanced/acid waste water (A/AWW). 
    (5) Replacing consumables for Ultrapure Water (UPW) systems. 
    (6) Recycling Ultrapure Water (UPW) for water metering. 
    (7) Reducing the discharge volume of exhaust gas scrubber. 
    (8) Increasing the utilization of other water sources for recycling 
purposes. 
    (9) Utilizing water trucks to transport recycled water.
Annual 
increase in 
averagetem-
perature
Long-
term
•Rising outdoor air enthalpy due to increased 
temperatures, leading to increased energy 
consumption of ice machines.
•Increased expenditure on equipment pro-
curement
•Increased electricity costs

Climate Related Opportunities and Financial Impact
64
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 4 ｜Environmental Protection
Category
Climate related opportunities
Potential financial impact
Reaction
Resource 
efficiency
•Paper and waste recycling
•Transitioning to more energy-efficient 
electrical appliances
•Water conservation
•Reducing expenditure on consumables
•Reducing energy consumption and carbon emissions
•Lowering water costs
•Subsidies for the purchase of energy-efficient appliance
•In the future, we plan to replace our company cars with hybrid models. This initiative 
is aimed to incur an estimated annual cost increase of 360,000 NTD, while simultane-
ously reducing fuel expenses by approximately 100,000-120,000 NTD per year.
•We intend to replace 3 outdated photocopiers with models that bear green labels to 
reduce carbon emissions associated with our printing operations.
Energy 
source
•Adoption of energy-saving measures
•Transition to low-carbon energy sources
•Reducing carbon emission and saving costs
•Increasing energy efficiency to decrease operational costs:
•Rooftop rental for the energy company to install solar panels: We have leased our 
rooftops to an energy company for the installation of solar panels, the capacity of 
which has reached 1,968kW by 2018. In 2023, we plan to initiate parallel power gen-
eration of 777kW, which accounts for approximately 10% of the contracted capacity 
between HannsTouch and Taiwan Power Company. This initiative is expected to 
result in a reduction of roughly 462 metric tons of carbon emissions.
Resilience
•We are systematically associating 
climate risks with corresponding miti-
gation strategies to enhance our compa-
ny’s resilience.
•Build resilience against climate change to abate subsequent 
losses and disruption to supply chains.
•Through the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) framework, 
we have effectively addressed the impact of climate change on HannsTouch and 
enhanced our climate adaptation capabilities. This approach aims to strengthen the 
resilience of our organization and improve operational performance in response to 
climate-induced challenges.

4.2 Energy Management
The primary sources of energy we use are purchased electricity, accounting for 96.07% of the total energy consumption, and natural gas, accounting for 3.91% of the total energy 
consumption. A small portion consists of diesel and gasoline for vehicles, representing 0.02% of the total energy consumption. In 2022, the total energy consumption amounted to 
335,888.9 GJ (gigajoules), with a year-on-year increase of 2.19%. The main reason for this increase was the expansion of our facility and the installation of new machinery, leading 
to higher energy demand and consumption.
Internal energy consumption of HannsTouch (Scope 1 + Scope 2)
Type of energy
Non-renewable 
energy
Energy consumed
Amount (Thousand)
Intensity（GJ ／Thousand）
  2020 
299,080.01
           15.43
     8,839.84
           40.32
307,975.60
  2021 
317,690.99
           17.05
   10,931.57
           32.74
328,676.86
  2022
 322,694.65
            52.74
    13,123.22
            18.31
  335,888.92
Unit: Billion joules (GJ)
Note: 
1. The energy conversion factor is sourced from the EPA Greenhouse Gas Emission Factor Management Table 6.0.4.
2. The formula for energy intensity is: Energy consumption (GJ) / annual total revenue (in thousand dollars).
Outsourced electricity 
Diesel fuel
Natural gas
Motor gasoline
65
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 4 ｜Environmental Protection
2,405,963
3,775,822
3,086,399
 0.139
0.087
0.099

66
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 4 ｜Environmental Protection
4.3 GHG Emissions
In pursuit of long-term energy conservation and carbon reduction goals, we are committed to reducing carbon emissions generated from our business operations. Following the methodology out-
lined in the international standard ISO 14064-1, we conducted a greenhouse gas inventory within the organizational boundaries of HannsTouch STSP and Taipei Office. In the future, we plan to en-
gage a qualified third-party verification organization to conduct verification of Scope 1, Scope 2, and Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions. We anticipate obtaining the ISO 14064-1:2018 Greenhouse 
Gas Verification Statement in 2023.
In 2022, our greenhouse gas emissions were as follows: Scope 1 emissions amounted to 10,595.9361 metric tons of CO2e, and Scope 2 emissions amounted to 45,655.8379 metric tons of CO2e, re-
sulting in a total of 56,251.7740 metric tons of CO2e. Among them, Scope 1 emissions decreased by 73.4% compared to the previous year. This reduction was mainly attributed to the combustion 
treatment of process gases, specifically CF4, NF3 and N2O emissions, which were treated before being discharged into the CVD exhaust system. The emission reduction was calculated using the IPCC 
2019 methodology, where the process gas emissions decreased by 29,377.8522 metric tons of CO2e in 2022 compared to 2021. The increase in fugitive emissions was due to the inclusion of methane 
emissions from organic wastewater in the calculation, resulting in a higher emission value compared to the previous year. Additionally, the slight increase in purchased energy (primarily electricity) 
was attributed to rising temperatures, which increased the power consumption of the plant's systems. The expansion of the facility in 2022 also contributed to increased process loads, leading to 
higher energy consumption. Overall, the year-on-year reduction rate in greenhouse gas emissions for 2022 was 33.1%. Compared to the baseline year of 2017 (80,606.640 metric tons of CO2e), emis-
sions have already been reduced by 30.2%.
Scope 1 & 2 GHG emissions and GHG emission intensity over the past 3 years
Scope 3 GHG emissions in 2022 (in metric tons of CO2e)
Note:1. The conversion factors are sourced from the Environmental Protection 
Administration's Announcement of Greenhouse Gas Emission Factors Man-
agement Table 6.0.4 version.
2. The method of aggregating greenhouse gas emissions is the operation-
al control method.
3. The global warming potentials (GWPs) for each greenhouse gas are based 
on the estimation in the IPCC Sixth Assessment Report.
4. The carbon emission factors for electricity in 2020 were 0.502 kg CO2e/kWh, 
and for 2021, they were 0.509 kg CO2e/kWh. Since the carbon emission 
factor for electricity in 2022 had not been published yet, we used the 2021 
carbon emission factor of 0.509 kg CO2e/kWh for calculations instead.
5. The formula for carbon emission intensity is the total greenhouse gas 
emissions (in metric tons of CO2e) divided by the revenue (in thousands of 
dollars).
6. The base year for greenhouse gas emissions is 2017, with a carbon emis-
sion volume of 80,606.640 metric tons of CO2e.
Scope 3
Category 3  Indirect GHG emissions from transportation
Category 4  GHG emissions from products used by the organization (upstream)
Total
243.3482
13,590.9865
13,834.3347
Note: Starting from 2022, there would be additional reporting of greenhouse 
gas emissions for Scope 3 (Type 3 to 4) included in the statistics.
Total emissions
Scope 1	
	
Scope 2
GHG Emissions
Amount (Thousand)
Greenhouse Gas Emission Intensit 
(Ton CO2e/ Amount (Thousand)
2020 
     450.7897
35,599.4946
           2.9090
     204.8465
42,287.0603
78,545.1000
2021
     575.7898
 39,047.0820
            2.6930
      205.5040
 44,300.7365
 84,131.8050
2022
     681.6458 
  9,669.2298
           1.3144
      243.7461
45,655.8379
56,251.7740
Unit: Ton CO2e
Unit: Ton CO2e
Fixed Emissions
Process Emissions
Mobile Emissions
Fugitive Emissions
Outsourced electricity
2,405,963
3,775,822
3,086,399
 0.0234
 0.022
 0.025

67
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 4 ｜Environmental Protection
4.3.1 Energy Conservation and Carbon Reduction
In 2022, we took two energy conservation and carbon reduction measures, namely the introduction of CVD exhaust static pressure reduction and FAB 5F DCC PUMP load reduction, result-
ing in a total emission reduction of 163.5 metric tons of CO2e. In the future, we will plan for an ALK exhaust static pressure adjustment program to continuously reduce the carbon emissions 
generated from the manufacturing and operational processes. This aligns with our company's sustainable strategy and goals for green manufacturing.
Additionally, we are actively promoting energy conservation and carbon reduction measures in general office areas. This includes replacing office supplies with more energy-efficient op-
tions and transitioning to electronic forms. In 2022, we replaced three old photocopy machines with models that bear green labels for the purpose of reducing carbon emissions.
更換租賃具環保標章的影印機型
Action plans
CVD Exhaust Static Pressure Adjustment
FAB 5F DCC PUMP Load Reduction
Energy consumption reduced
Electricity
Electricity
Base Year / Basic line
2021(before improvement)
2021(before improvement)
Power consumption reduced (MJ)
4.19×1011
7.36×1011
Note: 
Formula for Reduction =
1. Reduction in energy consumption: (Average electricity consumption per hour before adjustment - Average electricity consumption per hour after adjustment) [kWh/h] * 24 [h/day] * 365 [days/year] * 860 [kcal/kWh] * 4186 [Joules/kcal].
2. Reduction in carbon emissions: (Average electricity consumption per hour before adjustment - Average electricity consumption per hour after adjustment) [kWh/h] * 24 [h/day] * 365 [days/year] * 0.509 [kg CO2e/kWh] * (1/1000) [t/kg].
Carbon reduction (metric tons CO2e)
  59.3
104.2
Performance of HannsTouch's Energy Conservation and Carbon Reduction Action Plan in 2022
We have built an electronic ordering system 
that significantly reduced paper consumption 
and lowered the carbon emissions generated 
from paper production.
We have replaced the old photocopy machines 
with environmentally certified models that 
bear green label.

68
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 4 ｜Environmental Protection
4.4 Air pollution control
Through various air pollution improvement measures, we have installed continuous 
emission monitoring systems (CEMS) for self-monitoring since the establishment of our 
factory. In accordance with relevant regulations under the Air Pollution Control Act, we 
submit quarterly reports on air pollutant emissions. In 2022, there were no instances of 
non-compliant emissions or exceeding the standards.
Nitrogen oxides
Sulfur oxides
Volatile Organic Compounds
particulate pollutants
2020
     1.25298
     0.39108
125.91395
     0.09478
2021
     1.39195
     0.53864
155.63514
     0.08891
2022
   1.32277
   0.39406
96.85008
   0.09711
Unit: Ton
Note: 
Emission standards are based on the "Air Pollution Control and Emission Standards for the Optoelectronic Materials and Element Manufacturing Industry".
Emission status of air pollutants and ozone-depleting substances (ODS):
Testing of air pollution control equipment:
NMTHC
particulate pollutants
SOx
NOx
NMTHC
Hydrofluoric acid
Ammonia
particulate pollutants
NMTHC
Hydrofluoric acid
Ammonia
Nitric acid
Phosphoric acid
NMTHC
Ammonia
Nox
SOx
particulate pollutants
Before extension
Before extension
Before extension
Before extension
Before extension
once a year
Before extension
Before extension
once a year
once a year
Before extension
Before extension
Before extension
Once every half year
Before extension
once a year
Before extension
Before extension
0.0182
0.00502
0.03
0.02
0.0324
0.85
0.00712
0.0135
0.0297
0.00153
0.00104
0.0000755
0.0000813
0.0494
0.0149
0.24
0.03
0.00282
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
0.0125
-
-
-
-
0.031
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
0.000125
-
-
0.0262
0.000157
-
-
-
0.0484
-
0.3
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
0.0333
-
-
-
-
0.0305
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
0.00022
-
-
0.037
0.000197
-
-
-
0.0491
-
0.28
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
0.0345
-
-
-
-
0.0484
-
-
-
-
0.4 kg/hr
50 mg/Nm
3
100 ppm
150 ppm
0.4 kg/hr
0.1 kg/hr
5.2 g/s
100 mg/Nm
3
0.4 kg/hr
0.1 kg/hr
30 ppm
0.572 g/s
0.11 g/s
0.4 kg/hr
5.2 g/s
150 ppm
100 mg/Nm
3
50 mg/Nm
3
Emission inspection 
for the first half of the 
year (kg/hr)
Emission inspection 
for the first half of the 
year (kg/hr)
Emission inspection 
for the first half of the 
year (kg/hr)
Emission inspection 
for the second half of 
the year (kg/hr)
Emission inspection 
for the second half of 
the year (kg/hr)
Emission inspection 
for the second half of 
the year (kg/hr)
2020
2021
2022
Testing 
frequency
Testing items
Channels
Emission 
standards
P104
P103
P105
P106
P107
P201

69
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 4 ｜Environmental Protection
4.5 Water resource management
We prioritize the responsible use of water resources in our operations, including manufacturing processes and daily office activities, across our operational sites located in Taiwan. According to 
the World Resources Institute's "Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas," our sites are classified as having Low to Medium (1-2) water risk levels. All of our facilities are situated in the Southern Taiwan Science 
Park and rely 100% on municipal water supply without extracting groundwater or using well water. Our water usage has no negative impact on the surrounding water sources while our main water 
consumption is for industrial purposes without any conflict with domestic water usage. However, the wastewater generated during the production process may have potential impacts on the sur-
rounding areas. (Industrial Safety Office)
To mitigate the aforementioned impacts, we have committed to diversifying our water resources and taking various water-saving measures. Actions such as introducing water recycling systems 
are being undertaken to minimize the water impact. We ensure that the wastewater generated from our operations complies with local discharge standards, specifically the "Wastewater Discharge 
Standards and Fees for Southern Taiwan Science Park (Tainan and Kaohsiung Parks)". We also engage qualified external verification institute for regular wastewater testing. In 2022, there were no 
instances of non-compliant discharges or environmental pollution events. (Factory Department)
Case highlight: Introducing water recycling systems
In order to achieve our vision of green manufacturing and reduce the overall environmental impact of our manufacturing processes, we have introduced water recycling systems since 
2013. These systems include the Organic Wastewater Recycling (OWWR) system, Inorganic Wastewater Recycling (IWWR) system, and Rainwater Recycling (RWR) system.
The OWWR system treats organic wastewater through a series of processes. The raw water is first adjusted for pH through chemical dosing and then subjected to aeration and microbial 
treatment to reduce COD (Chemical Oxygen Demand). It then 
undergoes MBR (Membrane Bioreactor) filtration, followed by 
bag filtration to remove larger particles. Finally, the water is fur-
ther purified using reverse osmosis (RO) filtration. The resulting 
recycled water is used for various purposes, including domestic 
water supply, scrubber operations, and UPW (Ultrapure Water) 
systems. In 2022, the annual organic wastewater recycling vol-
ume and recycled water production were 145,517 m3 and 97,728 
m3, respectively.
The IWWR system focuses on recycling inorganic wastewater. 
The wastewater is treated using ACF (Activated Carbon Filter) 
towers, where the porous nature of activated carbon adsorbs 
and removes residual hydrocarbons. The treated water is then 
utilized for cooling tower operations and as a source for UPW 
systems. In 2022, the annual inorganic wastewater recycling vol-
ume and recycled water production for the entire facility were 
525,686 m3 and 525,683 m3, respectively.

70
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 4 ｜Environmental Protection
Total water intake for all regions in the past three years
unit: million liters
Source of water intake
2020
2021
2022
Third party (tap water sourced)
719.417
1015.312
944.001
Water usage
719.417
1015.312
944.001
Note: 
1. Freshwater refers to water with a total dissolved solids (TDS) content equal to or less than 1,000 mg/L.
2. Other water refers to water with a total dissolved solids (TDS) content greater than 1,000 mg/L.
 Total wastewater discharge for all regions in the past three years
unit: million liters
Wastewater Bodies
2020
2021
2022
Discharge volume 
categorized by endpoint
Third party
 (tap water sourced)
571.434
634.935
709.355
Total wastewater discharge
571.434
634.935
709.355
Total water consumption for all regions in the past three years
unit: million liters
Year
2020
2021
2022
Total consumption
147.983
380.377
234.646
Discharging Management for Waste Water	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
                                          Unit: kg
2020
2021
2022
Total
Ratio
Total
Ratio
Total
Ratio
COD (Chemical Oxygen Demand) Weight
21,043
-19.42%
18,976
   -9.82%
19,428
     2.39%
SS (Suspended solids) Weight
35,968
-10.91%
23,995
-33.29%
22,385
    -6.71%
NH3-N (Ammonia nitrogen) Weight
  2,829
-86.81%
         62
-97.81%
      185
198.62%

71
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 4 ｜Environmental Protection
Note:
1.Regulatory standards: Based on the "Permissible Standards and Fee Schedule for Sewage Discharge in the Southern Taiwan Science Park Bureau, National Science and Technology Council"
2.The data for water quality testing results of wastewater discharge is sourced from a third-party institution. In 2022, the testing was commissioned to SGS Taiwan.
Results of water quality testing for wastewater discharge:
Item
Regulatory Standards
2020
2021
2022
First Half
Second half
First Half
Second half
First Half
Second half
Suspended solids
  250 mg/L
      76.8
        5.9
      32.7
      27.4
        5.7
      23.6
Water temperature
35° C (applicable from 
October to April)
38° C (applicable from 
May to September)
      29.8
      26.7
      30.1
      26.2
      27.8
      26.8
True Color
  400
    <25
    <25
        2
    <25
    <25
    <25
Boron
      3.0 mg/L
        0.066
     ND
        0.024
        0.027
     ND
     ND
Cadmium
      0.02 mg/L
     ND
     ND
     ND
     ND
     ND
     ND
Chromium
      1.5 mg/L
     ND
      <0.010
     ND
     ND
     ND
     ND
Copper
      1.5 mg/L
     ND
     ND
        0.004
     ND
     ND
     ND
Gallium
      0.1 mg/L
     ND
     ND
        0.005
     ND
     ND
     ND
Indium
      0.1 mg/L
        0.068
     ND
        0.016
      <0.020
     ND
     ND
Lead
      0.5 mg/L
     ND
     ND
        0.003
      ND
     ND
     ND
Molybdenum
      0.6 mg/L
        0.431
        0.589
        0.069
        0.515
        0.475
        0.395
Nickel
      0.7 mg/L
     ND
     ND
     ND
     ND
     ND
     ND
Tin
      2.0 mg/L
     ND
     ND
        0.039
     ND
     ND
     ND
Zinc
      3.5 mg/L
        0.014
        0.01
        0.011
     ND
     ND
     ND
Hexavalent chromium
      0.35 mg/L
     ND
     ND
     ND
     ND
     ND
     ND
Hydrargyrum
      0.005 mg/L
     ND
     ND
     ND
     ND
     ND
     ND
Chlorine
      2.0 mg/L
        0.03
        0.03
     ND
     ND
        0.03
        0.02
Fluoride
    15.0 mg/L
        1.47
        1.02
        0.36
        2.04
        0.95
        0.71
Hydrogen Ion Concentration Index (pH)
      5~10
        7.1
        7.5
        7.3
        7.8
        8
        7.6
Arsenic
      0.35 mg/L
      <0.0020
     ND
        0.0003
      <0.0010
     ND
     ND
Nitrate nitrogen
    30 mg/L
      22.6
      15.2
        2.33
      20.4
      17.2
        9.54
Ammonia nitrogen
    60 mg/L
        0.72
        0.11
        0.43
        0.06
        0.26
        0.1
Cyanide
      1.0 mg/L
     ND
      <0.01
     ND
     ND
     ND
     ND
Biochemical Oxygen Demand (BOD)
  250 mg/L
        6
      12.1
      13.9
      17.1
        2.4
        5
Chemical Oxygen Demand (COD)
  450 mg/L
      35.9
        3
      <1.0
     ND
      19.7
      22.6
Anionic surfactant
    10.0 mg/L
      <0.10
      <0.10
     ND
      <0.10
        0.18
     ND

72
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 4 ｜Environmental Protection
•Total waste generation: 2,121.38 metric tons
•Recycling rate of shipping packaging material: 89.98%
•50% reduction in total waste generation
•Achieve a 95% recycling rate of shipping packaging 
materials
•Total waste generation: 1,600.43 metric tons (a 
reduction of 24.56%)
•Recycling rate of shipping packaging material: 93.29%
4.6 Waste disposal
Aiming to reduce waste at the source and advocating the importance of resource classification, HannsTouch actively promotes the recycling of raw materials to enhance resource recovery and 
create a circular economy. We also conduct comprehensive audits, assess waste generation and flow direction, and establish waste management objectives. By referring to the base year of 
2019, our goal is to achieve a 50% reduction in total waste generation and a 95% utilization rate of shipping packaging materials by the year 2025.
The two types of industrial waste we generate mainly include non-hazardous industrial waste and hazardous industrial waste. Improper management of waste not only affects our business 
operations but also poses negative impacts on our environment. Therefore, we prioritize environmentally friendly practices in all our operational activities. In 2022, we invested nearly 300 mil-
lion New Taiwan Dollars in the waste liquid recycling system with an aim to achieve a waste liquid recycling rate of at least 85% by mid-2023. We also take measures to promote paper recycling 
and other related circular economy initiatives. Furthermore, we comply with regulations by outsourcing waste collection and disposal to qualified domestic contractors. In office areas, we 
plan to reduce plastic packaging waste by replacing bagged water dispensers with bottled water dispensers in 2023. Additionally, as the pandemic gradually ceases, we will reopen employee 
canteen, where reusable utensils will be used extensively to significantly reduce the use of disposable tableware.
To ensure a comprehensive understanding of the waste flow and to ensure that all waste is handled or reused legally and properly, we carefully select waste disposal contractors. We regularly 
visit and inspect the contractors of waste disposal as specified in Appendix 2 of the "Regulations Governing Determination of Reasonable Due Care Obligations of Enterprises Commissioning 
Waste Clearance." We audit their operations and management related to waste storage, clearance, disposal, and reuse, and report to the business owner or their authorized personnel. On the 
production side, we actively engage in waste reduction activities. We propose process technology improvement projects and adjust production operation parameters to enhance the recy-
cling of aluminum etchants, thereby achieving waste reduction at the source. Plastic foam packaging materials, the most significant category of plastic waste from glass panels, are addressed 
through a program of cleaning, refurbishing, and recycling of packaging materials. This program aims to improve the proper handling and suitability of packaging materials, extend their reuse 
frequency, effectively reduce the disposal rate, and minimize waste generation.
2019 (Base Year)
2025 Goals
Achievements in 2022
Note: 
The original target for the recycling rate of shipping packaging materials was set at 90%. Since it was achieved in 2022, the target has been revised to 95%.

73
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 4 ｜Environmental Protection
STEP 1: After internal waste liquid diversion, it is controlled by pneumatic valves to enter the SRS equipment 
for segmented distillation.
STEP 2: After distillation, it enters the semi-finished product tank, while the photoresist and impurities go 
into the secondary waste liquid tank.
STEP 3: According to the type of chemical solution, it enters their respective acid mixing systems for circula-
tion, where MEA and water are added to adjust the concentration until it meets the requirements of 
the production line.
STEP 4: The mixed chemical solution is sent to the finished tank and the acid requirement signal is sent to 
the production line.
Waste liquid recycling system
SBM-31
（ST01-ST03）
N300 
（ST04）
Boiler furnace
Waste 
collection
Supply tank 
(new liquid)
Supply tank 
(new liquid)
Analyzer
Analyzer
Ultrapure 
Water
Ultrapure 
Water
Stripper Waste 
tank
10T
SBM31 Trunking tank
3T
Semi-finished 
product tank
20T
SBM31 Finished tank
20T
20T N300 Finished tank
N300 Supply acid systems
SBM-31 Supply acid systems
20T
SRS Secondary 
waste liquid tank
20T
MEA Supply bucket
3T
Acid mixing tank
3T
Acid mixing tank
SRS
20T
N300 Trunking tank
•STEP 1
•STEP 2
To Process
Judgement（SBM-31 or N300）
N300 Acid mixing systems
MEA Supply systems
Need to configure 
new drain line
To Process
•STEP 3
•STEP 4
Current existing equipment         Planning to purchase equipment

74
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 4 ｜Environmental Protection
Note 1: 
1. Disposal sites: off-site disposal (commissioned disposal).
2. Disposal methods: reuse (reuse for the original purpose), recycling (processed into new materials through reprocessing), incineration.
3. Recycling rate (%) = total volume of waste recycled and reused / total volume of waste * 100%
4. The classification of hazardous industrial waste and general industrial waste is determined according to the Waste Disposal Act and the Standards for Defining Hazardous Industrial Waste in Taiwan.
Waste classified by composition in 2022
Unit: Ton
Composition
Total waste quantity
Total volume of waste disposal 
and transfer (reuse, recycling)
Total volume of waste disposed 
directly (incineration)
Hazardous waste
   289.58
   289.58
0
Non Hazardous waste
1,310.85
1,305.58
5.27
Total quantity
1,600.43
1,595.16
5.27
Proportion of hazardous waste recycled (total volume of hazardous waste 
disposed and transferred / total volume of hazardous waste)
100%
Proportion of non-hazardous waste recycled (total volume of non-hazardous 
waste disposed and transferred / total volume of non-hazardous waste)
        99.67%
Waste management in the past 3 years
Year
2020
2021
2022
Classification
Type of waste
Processing 
site(Note1)
Processing 
method(Note2)
Output
(tonne)
Percentage（%）
Output
(tonne)
Percentage（%）
Output
(tonne)
Percentage（%）
Hazardous industrial waste
C-0202
Off-site
Recycling
486.97
31.89%
325.73
20.76%
255.71
15.98%
C-0301
Off-site
Reuse
  30.42
  1.99%
  27.63
  1.76%
  33.87
  2.12%
C-0202
Off-site
Recycling
    0
  0.00%
    1.14
  0.07%
    0
  0.00%
C-0301
Off-site
Recycling
    0
  0.00%
    1.26
  0.08%
    0
  0.00%
General industrial waste
D-0901
Off-site
Recycling
298.66
19.56%
352.87
22.49%
464.24
29.01%
D-1504
Off-site
Reuse
681.84
44.65%
822.05
52.40%
822.72
51.41%
D-2399
Off-site
Incineration 
treatment
    2.63
  0.17%
    2.98
  0.19%
    5.27
  0.33%
D-0899
Off-site
Incineration 
treatment
    0
  0.00%
    0.33
  0.02%
    0
  0.00%
R-0401
Off-site
Recycling
  26.55
  1.74%
  34.73
  2.21%
  18.62
  1.16%
Total quantity
1,527.07
1,568.72
1,600.43
Recycling rate(Note3)
99.8%
99.8%
99.7%

75
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc. 
Social Inclusion
5
Chapter
• 5.1 Profile of Enterprise Manpower
• 5.2 Employee Rights and Treatment
• 5.3 Human Resources Management
• 5.4  Safe Workplace Environment
• 5.5 Social Care and Welfare

76
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 5 ｜Common Good of Community
SDGs
Material topic
401-1 New employee hires and employee turnover
404-1 Average hours of training per year per employee
404-2 Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance programs
404-3 Percentage of employees receiving regular performance and career development reviews
Talent Attraction and Recruitment
Diversified training and development opportunities, career planning, excellent work environment, culture, etc., and a favorable talent cultivation system, to attract, retain, and 
develop excellent talent.
•Short-term goal: Build a manufacturing academy in 2023, and require each new colleague to complete at least 100 digital courses.
•Medium-term goal: Complete academy systems in 2025, and design different basic required digital courses per department.
•Long-term goal: Keep the annual turnover rate of employees below 5% (not including those on fixed-term contracts), relying on systems involving competitive remuneration 
and talent development planning to provide excellent and stable talent support for the Company.
•Meetings for review and tracking of KPIs and goals in quarterly training sessions
•Average hours of training per employee, and training records of online courses
•New hires and turnover
•93 new employees underwent eight hours of training on average with a training completion rate of 100%. 
•Employees participated in education and training sessions 1,266 times over. The total duration of training courses reached 999.5 hours, with training of 3.1 hours per em-
ployee. 
•Investment in training in the year reached NT$ 598,260. 
•Continual participation in the Career Coaching Program (CCP) of National Cheng Kung University; five lectures were held with 91 students participating.
Policies and 
Commitment
Goals and 
Targets
Effectiveness 
tracking system
Annual action 
and 
measure
Corresponding 
GRI Index
Management of HannsTouch's "Talent Attraction and Recruitment" in Material Topic in 2022

77
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 5 ｜Common Good of Community
SDGs
Material topic
201-3 Defined benefit plan obligations and other retirement plans
202-1 Ratios of standard entry level wage by gender compared to local minimum wage
401-2 Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided to temporary or part-time employees
401-3 Parental leave
Remuneration and Welfare
We offer a fair and reasonable remuneration and welfare system to attract and retain excellent talent, and improve employees' morale and work performance. We will con-
tinue to review and update the remuneration and welfare policy to ensure compliance with relevant regulations and industrial standards, and maintain overall remuneration 
among the top 50% in the industry.
•Sustainability Goals: 
•Review the market remuneration level every year and maintain overall remuneration among the top 50% in the industry. 
•The Employee Welfare Committee arranges activities every month to enrich employees’ careers and lives, and improve teamwork.
•Medium to long-term Goals:
•Plan a mechanism that links the remuneration of the Board of Directors and senior supervisors with ESG performance. 
•Establish an employee satisfaction questionnaire to investigate employees' satisfaction with their remuneration and welfare, and maintain results to above 80 points. 
•Conduct employee satisfaction survey regularly to evaluate the implementation of the remuneration and welfare policy. 
•Review the operation of the remuneration and welfare system with reference to remuneration data in the industry to ensure compliance with laws and regulations, and rele-
vant industrial standards. 
•New hires and turnover
•Expenses of employees' salaries and welfare reached NT$ 323,208,000, accounting for 12.69% of total revenue. 
•The ratios of standard entry level wage compared to local minimum wage are 1:48 (male) and 1:31 (female). 
•The results of the employee satisfaction survey reached 90 points, demonstrating that employees are satisfied with the remuneration and welfare policy.
Policies and 
Commitment
Goals and 
Targets
Effectiveness 
tracking system
Annual action 
and 
measure
Corresponding 
GRI Index
Management of HannsTouch’s “Remuneration and Welfare” in Material Topic in 2022

78
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 5 ｜Common Good of Community
SDGs
Material topic
203-1 Infrastructure investments and services supported
Local Community Engagement
Adhere to the concept of shared prosperity with local communities, and strengthen the relationship between the enterprise and local community by making donations to 
public welfare groups and convening public welfare activities.
•By 2025, the Company will establish a department focused on public welfare activities to organise and execute annual public welfare objectives.
•Hold at least two public welfare activities annually. Aim for annual enterprise volunteer service to reach 100 hours. 
•Continue to maintain good communication with people in the local community and social welfare groups, budget community investment funds, and regularly review and 
support community needs.
•The Employee Welfare Committee assists with handling relevant activities, and calls upon employees to take part in public welfare activities, and interact and communicate 
with residents in the local community. 
•The Company will budget for community investments every year starting from 2024, and the administrative unit will plan the use of the funds, and discuss plans with the 
Employee Welfare Committee.
•The company called upon employees to donate blood. A total of 53 bags of blood were donated to the Tainan Blood Center. 
•At Christmas the Company participated in a book donation activity for children at Habitat for Humanity, New Taipei City, and donated a total of 32 books.
Policies and 
Commitment
Goals and 
Targets
Effectiveness 
tracking system
Annual action 
and 
measure
Corresponding 
GRI Index
Management of HannsTouch’s “Local Community Engagement” in Material Topic in 2022

79
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 5 ｜Common Good of Community
5.1 Profile of Enterprise Manpower
HannsTouch deems all staff members as the most important partners in the drive toward sustainable development and practicing its core value and vision through concerted efforts. Staffs are also 
the driving force for the continuous growth and progress of HannsTouch. We are committed to building a diversified, equal, and friendly workplace culture, and we oppose discrimination. We value 
equality and respect diversified values. The selection, cultivation, promotion, and retention of talent does not discriminate due to race, nationality, gender, age, politics, or religious belief. We place 
great importance on talent cultivation and provide adequate remuneration and welfare so employees can exert their strengths and make continuous progress in the Company, and help the Com-
pany create performance and value. 
5.1.1 Distribution of Manpower
At the end of 2022, HannsTouch had a total of 315 employees globally, increased by 15 compared to the previous year. No significant change occurred to employees of the Company. Among all 
employees, 203 are male (64.44%) and 112 are female (35.56%). We are dedicated to developing diversified talent, including protecting job opportunities for those with physical and mental dis-
abilities and employment of foreign migrant workers to promote diversified common prosperity and improve the Company's overall competitiveness. 
Notes:
1. Full-time employees: Defined as employees who work 40 hours a week according 
to the Labor Standards Act of Taiwan. 
2. Part-time employees: Employees who work less than 40 hours a week. 
3. Non-guaranteed hours employees: Employees whose contracts do not stipulate mini-
mum or fixed working hours, e.g., temporary workers and on-call employees. 
Notes: 
1. Calculated as the number of workers as of December 31, 2022.
2. Non-employee workers: Refers to the total number of workers not directly 
hired by the Company but who work under the control of the Company, in-
cluding 13 workers in charge of cleaning, one contract worker in charge of 
group meals, and 13 contract workers in charge of security.
Types of Employees Hired by HannsTouch in Each Region in 2022
Tainan Head Office
Taipei Office
Employee classification (Unit: Number of employees)
Male
Female
Male
Female
Per contract
Permanently hired employees (non-fixed-term contract)
169
75
14
12
Contracted employees (fixed-term contract)
20
25
0
0
Per working 
hour
Full-time employees (full-time)
169
75
14
12
Part-time employees (part-time)
0
0
0
0
Non-guaranteed hours employees (temporary workers)
0
0
0
0
Total per gender in each region
169
75
14
12
Changes of the Number of Workers of 
HannsTouch over the Past Three Years
Category of worker
2020
2021
2022
Employees
335
300
315
Non-employee workers
27
27
27
Total
362
327
342
 (Unit: Number of Workers)

80
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 5 ｜Common Good of Community
Diversified Job Opportunities
In response to SDG 8 "Decent Work and Economic Growth", HannsTouch offers 
equal job opportunities to people of different genders and age groups, and guar-
antees job opportunities for minority ethnic groups according to the regulations 
of regional governments to ensure diversity of employees. We classify employees 
into the following categories based on their position and rank: (1) Mid-level and 
senior supervisors at manager level or above; (2) Direct technical personnel en-
gaged in product manufacturing; (3) Other indirect workers (those who are not 
employees at manager level or above, or direct personnel, including engineers, 
managers, administrative staff, etc.). According to employee statistics at the end 
of the year, female employees account for 35.56%, female supervisors account for 
10%, and workers aged above 51 account for 3.17%. The Company also hires peo-
ple with physical and mental disabilities according to government regulations, 
and currently has two employees with a physical or mental disability.
Note: 
The diversity ratio is calculated as the number of diverse employees of each category / total number of employees of each category. 
It is accurate to the second decimal place with the third decimal place being rounded off.
Diversified Distribution of Position Categories of Employees of HannsTouch
Position/diversity category
Gender
Age
Others
Male
Female
Under 30
31-50
Older than 51
Indigenous 
peoples
Foreign 
migrant workers
People with 
mental or physical 
disabilities
Mid-level and senior supervisors 
(30 in total)
Number
27
3
0
26
6
0
0
0
Ratio
90%
10%
0.00%
81.25%
18.75%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
Technical personnel
(107 in total)
Number
49
58
34
73
0
0
42
0
Ratio
45.79%
54.21%
31.78%
68.22%
0.00%
0.00%
39.25%
0.00%
Others
(178 in total)
Number
127
51
79
93
4
1
1
2
Ratio
71.35%
28.65%
44.89%
52.84%
2.27%
0.57%
0.00%
1.23%
Number of employees in each diverse category
203
112
113
192
10
1
43
2
Ratio to the total number of employees
64.44%
35.56%
35.87%
60.95%
3.17%
0.32%
13.33%
0.63%

81
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 5 ｜Common Good of Community
5.1.2 Turnover
New Employees
The Company hired 93 new employees in 2022 to satisfy the Company's growing demand for talent. The new entry rate was approximately 29.52%, and most new employees were 
engineers. These 93 new employees included 77 male employees and 16 female employees. The number of young employees aged below 30 accounts for as high as 62.4% of new 
employees hired.
Turnover and Retention
With respect to employee retention, there were 78 employees who left the Company in 2022, including 51 male employees and 27 female employees, totaling a rate of approxi-
mately 24.76%. The Company will continue strengthen work-life balance, improve supervisors' capabilities, and improve employees' career development opportunities to pro-
mote retention rates. 
Note: 
Ratio of new employees of each category = Number of new employees of each category / Total number of new employees. The result is calculated to the second decimal 
place with the third decimal place being rounded off.
Notes: 
1. Ratio of employees who have left in each category = Number of employees who have left in each category / Total number of employees who have left. The result is 
calculated to the second decimal place with the third decimal place being rounded off.
2. Employees who have left include employees who have left the Company voluntarily, or left due to dismissal, retirement, or death while in service. The employment 
contracts of 19 employees expired. 
Statistics of Distribution of Gender and Age of New Employees
Category
Male
Female
Subtotal per age
Number
Percentage
Number
Percentage
Number
Percentage
Under 30
49
52.69%
9
9.68%
58
62.37%
Age 31-50
23
24.73%
5
15.97%
28
30.11%
Older than 51
5
5.38%
2
2.15%
7
7.53%
Subtotal per gender
77
82.80%
16
17.20%
93
100.0%
Statistics of Distribution of Gender and Age of Employees Leaving the Company
Class
Male
Female
Subtotal per age
Number
Percentage
Number
Percentage
Number
Percentage
Under 30
25
32.05%
12
15.38%
37
47.44%
Age 31-50
19
24.36%
11
14.10%
30
38.46%
Older than 51
7
8.97%
4
5.13%
11
14.10%
Subtotal per gender
51
65.38%
27
34.62%
78
100.00%

82
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 5 ｜Common Good of Community
Unpaid Parental Leave
The Company legally executes Gender Equality in Employment Act, advocates 
SDG 5 Gender Equality, supports employees' right to give birth and raise chil-
dren, and safeguards colleagues' right to unpaid parental leave. An employee 
who has worked for the Company for six months may apply for unpaid parental 
leave before each of his/her children is aged three, without the duration of un-
paid parental leave exceeding two years. During the period of unpaid parental 
leave, employees may continue to participate in social insurance. In 2022, the in-
statement rate reached 100% after unpaid parental leave. In 2021, the retention 
rate could not be calculated since no employee was reinstated following unpaid 
parental leave. We will pay continuous attention to the working status of em-
ployees reinstated from unpaid parental leave in 2022, and track their retention 
status in 2023.
Statistics of Number of Employees on Unpaid Parental Leave in 2022
Number of employees who qualified in 2022 1(a)
Number of employees who applied in 2022 (b)
UPL application rate(b/a)
Number of reinstatement estimates in 2022(c)
Number of employees reinstated in 2022(d)
Reinstatement rate(d/c)
Number of reinstatements in 2021(e)
Number of employees remaining at least one year after reinstatement in 2021(f)
UPL retention rate(f/e)
  12
    3
           25.00%
    3
    3
   100%
    0
    0
    N/A
  19
    5
           26.32%
    5
    5
   100%
    0
    0
     N/A
 7
 2
  28.57%
 2
 2
100%
 0
 0
 N/A
Male
Female
Total
Note: 
1. Based on employees that applied for maternity or paternity leave in the past three years (2020-2022).
2. Reinstatement date in 2021 and remaining for at least one year.

83
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 5 ｜Common Good of Community
5.2 Employee Rights and Treatment
5.2.1 Guarantee of Human Rights and Labor Rights
HannsTouch respects and supports the universally recognized norms and principles pertaining to human rights, in-
cluding the UN Universal Declaration of Human Rights (UDHR), the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human 
Rights (UNGPs), and the Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work by the International Labour Orga-
nization. We are also dedicated to abiding by local labor laws, regulations, and norms, and taking actions that accord 
with the Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) Code of Conduct to create a safe and non-discriminatory work environ-
ment, and safeguard the human rights of all personnel, including regular employees, contracted and temporary em-
ployees, and interns. We also require our supply chain partners to follow the same standards. To implement human 
rights policies of HannsTouch, we regularly identify risks in human rights, establish corresponding administrative mea-
sures, regularly evaluate the effects, and adjust the administrative measures based on evaluations to control and elim-
inate risks that harm human rights. Through the normalization and requirements of supplier contracts and based on 
the RBA's auditing procedures, relevant audits have been performed to verify conformity to the human rights policies 
established by the Company. Furthermore, education and training on human rights policies are carried out through 
supplier meetings to ensure physical and mental health as well as the rights and interests of suppliers' employees. In 
2022, no major risk or situation involving discrimination, use of child labor, forced labor, or other violations of human 
rights occurred in the Company or its suppliers.
With respect to foreign migrant workers, HannsTouch abides by relevant local and international laws and regulations, 
and hires migrant workers legally. HannsTouch also requires cooperative labor service intermediaries not to collect 
illegal expenses. To ensure that migrant workers are treated fairly at work, HannsTouch promotes a "Zero Payment Fee 
for Foreign Migrant Workers" policy, specifically bearing the relevant statutory fees required when employing migrant 
workers in Taiwan so that migrant workers may enjoy legal, reasonable, and fair salaries, and a safe work environment.

84
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 5 ｜Common Good of Community
Human rights item
Administrative measures
Occupational safety and 
health
Provide a safe and healthy work environment, take necessary health and first-aid measures, implement continuous training on safety knowledge, and disaster 
prevention drills, identify, evaluate, and alleviate potential health and safety hazards in the workplace, and eliminate hazardous factors that may affect employees' 
health and safety in the work environment to lower the risk of occupational accidents. We believe that human dignity is the most fundamental guarantee, 
and we reject any form of inhumane treatment, including subjecting people to violence, sexual violence, sexual harassment, sexual assault, corporal punish-
ment, psychological or physical coercion, bullying, public humiliation or verbal abuse. Each administrative measure and disciplinary policy clearly is defined 
and communicated to employees.
Employee health 
promotion
We support and care for employees' physical and mental health, provide a safe work environment, dormitory, food, and drinking water that comply with ESH regula-
tions, and regularly provide employees with free health examinations. We also provide diversified activities, e.g., health management lectures, pressure-relief massag-
es, and various cultural and arts/sports/family day activities to encourage family participation to enrich everyone's work-life balance.
Fair workplace 
environment
We provide an equal and fair work environment and conditions, and implement a fair opportunities mechanism in employment, remuneration and welfare, training, 
evaluations, and promotions to effectively safeguard labor rights and ensure friendly and harmonious labor relations. We scrupulously abide by local regulations on 
working hours and work conditions, reasonably arrange production plans as well as employees' work and rest times, provide employees with fair and reasonable 
remuneration and welfare, pay salaries as scheduled and in full, and explain reasonable deductions in payroll. HannsTouch never deducts or withholds a portion of 
employees' salaries in any form or by any means.
Anti-discrimination
To ensure equal job opportunities for employees, we prohibit any discriminatory treatment or any form of discrimination based on gender (including sexual orienta-
tion), race, class, age, marital status, language, ideology, religion, political affiliation, native place, birthplace, appearance, facial features, physical or mental disabili-
ties, etc. No form of discriminatory behavior is allowed.
Human rights
We provide new employees and all in-service employees with education on regulatory compliance when starting work with the Company and during tenure, includ-
ing prevention and control of sexual harassment, anti-discrimination, anti-harassment, privacy protection, promotion of working hour management, guarantee of 
humane treatment, and provision of a healthy and safe work environment. Through relevant announcements, statements, and a dedicated hotline, we enable our 
employees to learn about their responsibility to avoid unlawful infringements in the workplace when performing their duties.
Prohibition of child labor and 
forced labor
The Company follows local labor regulations and complies with local laws and regulations regarding the minimum age for employment. We do not hire child labor-
ers, or arrange minor workers (including interns) to conduct work that risks their health and safety. We also regularly track and manage employees' attendance, and 
prohibit any form of forced and prison labor. We do not accept any supplier or subcontractor that uses child labor or forced labor.

85
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 5 ｜Common Good of Community
Descriptions of Measures Adopted by HannsTouch to Protect Workers’ Rights and Interests
Working hours
• Regular employees work for eight hours a day, 40 hours a week normally.
• If overtime is needed under special circumstances, the total daily working time shall not exceed 12 hours, and the upper limit of overtime is 46 hours on a monthly basis.
• In accordance with the provisions of the Labor Standards Act, overtime shall be paid to those works beyond eight hours. The Company does not force its employees to 
work overtime.
Measures for sever-
ance and retirement
• When terminating employment, the Company follows the provisions of Article 16 of the Labor Standards Act, terminates employment with advance notice, and gives the af-
fected employee severance pay and job-seeking leave.
Labor agreements
• The Company has not yet established a trade union. However, labor meetings are held every quarter according to Article 83 of the Labor Standards Act, and interim meetings 
are convened as necessary. In these meetings, the Company and employees engage in two-way communication and negotiation regarding issues including promotion of la-
bor-management cooperation, labor relations coordination, improvement of working conditions, and welfare of workers.
• There was a harmonious labor-management relationship in the current year. There was no collective agreement without signing of separate labor contracts. 
Major operating 
changes
• Major operating changes affecting employees’ rights and interests as well as responsive measures are discussed in labor meetings first before implementation.
• Before major operating changes are executed, affected employees and their representatives are notified at least 10 days in advance.
• During the reporting period, the Company was not involved in any major operating change.

86
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 5 ｜Common Good of Community
5.2.2 Remuneration
HannsTouch provides competitive remuneration. The remuneration standards are determined based on employees' positions, professional competency, education and experience, and profes-
sional seniority, and adjusted with reference to market remuneration levels in the same trade. The Company stresses the value of equal pay for equal work and overall remuneration does not differ 
based on gender. The Company pays regular salaries and variable pay to employees: regular salary is paid every month with the payment standard determined with reference to the payment stan-
dard in the same trade as well as statistical data of the labor market. Factors like position, nature of the work, professional competency, and workplace supply and demand are also considered for 
salary adjustments as appropriate; variable pay comprises yearend bonuses, employee dividends, and performance bonuses. Part of remuneration is linked with operating performance through 
variable pay. 
The Company has established the Measures for Salary Management and Measures for Performance Bonuses, and communicates them to employees through education and training when starting 
the Company and via the internal mail system so all employees have a full understanding of the Company's remuneration system. In addition, the Company has established relevant measures for 
performance objectives, remuneration policy, system, standards, and structure, etc. The remuneration and welfare of personnel at manager level and above are proposed to the Compensation 
Committee and Board of Directors for approval to improve corporate governance and remuneration transparency.
The ratio of basic salary and remuneration of male and female employees was 1.24:1 in 2022. The employee with the highest annual total remuneration was the chair and chief executive. The ratio 
between the remuneration of these employees and the median of the annual total remuneration of all employees (not including the employee with the total highest remuneration) was 11.33:1.
Notes: 
1. "Important operating sites" defined by the Company are the scope 
of operations disclosed in this report.
2. The Company established the salaries of employees and other 
workers with reference to the announcement of the Ministry of 
Labor on basic wages in the current year and ensured that these 
salaries were not lower than the basic wage.
3. Basic-level personnel: Direct personnel of the Company, including 
technicians, technical workers, and dispatched workers.
4. Standard salary: Including recurring salaries like basic salary and 
food allowance.
5. The local minimum wages were NT$ 23,800, NT$ 24,000, and NT$ 
25,250 in 2020, 2021, and 2022 respectively.
Notes: 
1. Calculation method: Average remuneration of male employees of each 
category / Average remuneration of female employees of each category.
2. Remuneration: Refers to the annual salary which includes basic salary, 
food allowance, yearend bonus, performance bonus, overtime fee, and 
income from dividends, etc.
Remuneration Ratios of Male and Female Employees of Each Category of HannsTouch 
in the Last Three Years
Year
2000
2001
2002
Category of employee
Male
Female
Male
Female
Male
Female
Mid-level and senior supervisors
1.06
1
1.27
1
1.44
1
Technical personnel
1.10 
1
1.15
1
1.12
1
Others
1.21
1
1.18
1
1.24
1
Pay Level of Basic-level Personnel of HannsTouch in Important Operating Sites in the Last Three Years
Year
Average standard salary of 
basic-level personnel
Average standard salary of basic-level 
personnel/Local minimum wage
Male
Female
Male
Female
2020
32,509
29,949 
1.37 
1.26 
2021
37,877
33,636 
1.58 
1.40 
2022
37,364
33,059 
1.48 
1.31 

87
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 5 ｜Common Good of Community
5.2.3 Welfare Measures
To safeguard employees' rights and interests and improve corporate cohesion, we provide regular employees with a complete welfare system. In addition to the basic rights stipulated in the regu-
lations, including labor insurance and health insurance, special leave, maternity and parental leave, the Company provides abundant and diversified employee benefits such as holidays, life insur-
ance, medical insurance, disability insurance, pension, emergency relief, cash gifts for weddings and childbirth, funeral subsidies, employee dormitories, and free meals, etc., to improve employee 
wellbeing and create a happy workplace.
Christmas celebration by 
HannsTouch
Employee Welfare Measures of HannsTouch
Basic welfare
Insurance
•Basic labor insurance, health insurance, and group insurance services for employees and their family 
members (including life insurance, medical insurance, accident insurance, and travel accident insurance for 
business trips).
Leave
•National holidays, special leave, marriage leave, funeral leave, sick leave, and parental leave.
Pension system
•For those under the old system of the Labor Standards Act: 2% of the total employee’s remuneration is 
set aside as pension contributions every month and stored in a dedicated account.
•For those under the new system of the Labor Pension Act: 6% of the monthly salaries of employees is de-
termined as the worker pension contribution rate. Contributions are made according to the monthly salary 
classification table approved by the Executive Yuan, and deposited in the personal pension accounts of 
workers. In 2022, pension expenses reached NT$ 11,156,362.
Bonus and 
remuneration
Yearend bonus
•Adjustments are made according to personal performance and operating status.
Bonus for three major 
festivals
•Cash gifts are granted on three major festivals, including the Spring Festival, the Dragon Boat Festival, and 
the Mid-Autumn Festival.
Facility services
Fitness center
•Complete fitness facilities are provided to keep employees mentally and physical healthy.
Massage by those with 
visual impairment
•Masseurs with visual impairments are hired to help colleagues ease their discomfort through professional 
and safe massage services.
Employee Welfare 
Committee
Welfare payments
•Source of funds: 0.5% of monthly salaries and allowances of employees and 0.05% of the total amount of 
the Company’s monthly operating revenue are set aside, deposited to a dedicated account, and managed 
by the Employee Welfare Committee. The total amount of expenditure of welfare payments of the Company 
reached NT$ 5,951,100 in the current year.
•Scope of disbursements: Allowance and subsidies for weddings, funerals and childbirth, insurance expens-
es, subsidies for club activities, and subsidies for company and department activities.
Annual activities
•The Company held badminton and bowling games, shrimp-fishing, and family activities, including 
barbecue and paintball in the current year.
•The Company held a Christmas activity and gave gifts to all colleagues.

88
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 5 ｜Common Good of Community
Creation of a Healthy and Pleasant Work Environment with Diversified Welfare Activities
HannsTouch has always stressed employees' physical and mental health and work satisfaction. We regularly hold a variety of diversified welfare activities to promote employees' communication 
and teamwork. In 2022, the Company held badminton and bowling games in which employees could take exercise to improve their health, and improve their communication skills through team 
competition and cooperation. We also hold family activities such as barbecues and paintball so that family members can also take part in activities and enjoy a family day out.
We know understand that employees' physical and mental health has an important impact on the Company's development and productivity. Therefore, we pay close attention to employees' 
health and quality of life. Through offering a range of activities, we hope that our employees feel supported and cared for by the Company. We also try to encourage our employees to relax even 
when work is busy to promote morale and team cohesion, and create a healthy and pleasant working environment.
Movies and sports
Shrimp-fishing
Family paintball
Family barbecue

89
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 5 ｜Common Good of Community
Training for 
basic-level 
supervisors
5.3 Human Resources Management
5.3.1 Diversified Training Channels
The Company is committed to cultivating talent and improving employees' skills. We arranges diversified training courses, and provide relevant evaluation mechanisms. In 2022, the total number 
of employees in the Nanke Factory and Taipei Office of HannsTouch reached 315, and the average training hours per employee reached 12.3 hours. The training funds paid by the Company totaled 
NT$ 598,260 over the year. The Company also applied for the "Enterprise Human Resources Improvement Program" from the Workforce Development Agency, Ministry of Labor, and obtained a 
total financial subsidy of NT$ 72,809. The Company plans different education and training courses based on employee level. In addition to increasing supervisory management functions, the Com-
pany also arranges general knowledge courses for indirect personnel. In the current year, the average training time of employees of each category was, in descending order: 44.7 hours for mid-level 
and senior supervisors; 13.6 hours for other indirect personnel; and 0.9 hours for technical personnel. 
To develop employees' professional skills and careers, and help them perform their work and meet their job requirements, we have planned and established education and training courses follow-
ing the five steps of PDDRO, and designed different types of training programs focusing on management functions, professional techniques, quality technologies, and induction training. We have 
also provided an internal e-learning platform which offers accumulatively a total of 138 online courses. Additionally, to ensure the learning effect of colleagues, we design courses with ADDIE and 
Kirkpatrick Four Levels, i.e., [Level 1 Response], [Level 2 Learning], [Level 3 Behavior], and [Level 4 Results] to evaluate the learning effectiveness, and ensure employees reach Level 2 to maintain 
good learning outcomes. Furthermore, to develop career paths, achieve a good cycle, and ensure continuity, HannsTouch regularly organizes internal lecturer training and certifications. 
Establishment of Education and Training Courses following the 
Five Steps of PDDRO
Review Monitor/audit/
feedback
After-class assessment and 
review
Outcome
• Opinion questionnaire
• Supervisor sign-off
Design 
• Course targets
• Participants
• Course content
• Class time
• Course location
• Teaching methods
Do 
• Speaker invitation
• Student invitation
• Increase of attendance rate
Plan
Annual education and 
training plan
Planning of Professional Courses per Position and Department
Training per level
Training per 
function
General 
knowledge 
training
Operating post 
training
Senior 
supervisor
Mid-level 
supervisor
Basic-level 
supervisor
IDLPersonnel
DL Supervisor
DLPersonnel
    Training of quality competency/ESH license training/Internal lecturer/External training
Training of professional 
competency
Training of general regulatory knowledge/Core universal training/
Training of new employees
Management training for mid-
level and senior supervisors
Per department plan
Industry trends

90
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 5 ｜Common Good of Community
Focused Case: Supervisors' General Knowledge Camp
In 2022, we held a two-day supervisors' general knowledge camp. 
Through various team games, activities, and group discussions, 
members of the management team of the Company communicated, 
discussed, and learned from each other to improve the overall man-
agement, leadership, and teamwork abilities of the Company. The 
event also enhanced communication and understanding between 
supervisors and various departments. The heads of departments 
summarized the achievements in 2022 and proposed the future 
prospects for 2023 to encourage everyone to look to the future. This 
activity benefited the overall growth and development of the man-
agement team and HannsTouch.
Employees’ Training of HannsTouch in 2022
Category of employee
Calculation method
Male
Female
Subtotal
Mid-level and senior supervisors
Total number of employees in the reporting period (A1)
27
3
30
Total training hours in the reporting period (B1)
1,184
156
1,340
Average training hours in the reporting period (B1/A1)
43.9
52.0
44.7
Technical personnel
Total number of employees in the reporting period (A2)
49
58
107
Total training hours in the reporting period (B2)
66
35
101
Average training hours in the reporting period (B2/A2)
1.3
0.6
0.9
Others
Total number of employees in the reporting period (A3)
127
51
178
Total training hours in the reporting period (B3)
1,508.5
909.5
2,418
Average training hours in the reporting period (B3/A3)
11.9
17.8
13.6
Total
Total number of employees at the end of the reporting period (R)
2,758.5
1,100.5
3,859
Total training hours in the reporting period (Q)
203
112
315
Average training hours of each employee (Q/R)
13.6
9.8
12.3

91
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 5 ｜Common Good of Community
5.3.2 Performance and Career Development
The Company values employees' career development, has a complete promotion and remuneration system in place, and regularly conducts employees' performance assess-
ments. Employees who work for the Company for three months receive two evaluations every year to discuss and assess issues related to their jobs, including work performance, 
career planning, and continuing education, etc. Relevant human resources management matters, such as salary adjustments, promotions, rewards, and job transfers, are linked to 
assessment results to benefit the functional management and development of the organization. 
Note: 
Reasons why some employees failed to receive a performance evaluation include if the employee has worked for the Company for less than three years, is on unpaid leave for over half a year, is on leave for over half a year, or 
has been working for the Company for half a year but has been on leave for more than three months. 
Employees’ Performance Review of HannsTouch in 2022
Category of employee
Calculation method
Male
Female
Subtotal
Mid-level and senior 
supervisors
Total number of employees at the end of the reporting period (A1)
27
3
30
Number of employees regularly receiving performance and career 
development evaluations (B1)
24
2
26
Percentage (B1/A1)
88.89%
66.67%
86.67%
Technical personnel
Total number of employees at the end of the reporting period (A2)
49
58
107
Number of employees regularly receiving performance and career 
development evaluations (B2)
48
57
105
Percentage (B2/A2)
97.96%
98.28%
98.13%
Others
Total number of employees at the end of the reporting period (A3)
127
51
178
Number of employees regularly receiving performance and career 
development evaluations (B3)
112
46
158
Percentage (B3/A3)
88.19%
90.20%
88.76%
Total
Total number of employees at the end of the reporting period (R)
203
112
315
Number of employees regularly receiving performance and career 
development evaluations (Q)
184
105
289
Ratio of employees regularly receiving performance and career 
development evaluations (Q/R)
90.64%
93.75%
91.75%

92
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 5 ｜Common Good of Community
5.4 Safe Workplace Environment
5.4.1 Occupational Health and Safety Management System
To protect employees' safety and prevent the occurrence of occupational accidents, the Company has introduced the ISO 45001 Occupational Health and Safety Management System, clearly pre-
scribed standard operating procedures for each emergency response task in the workplace, implemented equipment self-inspection, reinforces employees' safety, health, and fire protection ed-
ucation and training, and prevents the occurrence of occupational accidents. The scope of workplaces covered by the occupational health and safety management system is the Nanke Factory of 
HannsTouch. All 315 employees of the Nanke Factory as well as approximately 27 long-term contractors are included in the management system, with the coverage ratio of workers reaching 100%. 
In accordance with the Occupational Health and Safety Act and relevant regulations, we have established operating instructions and administrative measures governing occupational health and 
safety, focused on key work in six major aspects based on PDCA (Plan-Do-Check-Act) circular quality management, continuously implement occupational hazard risk assessments, improved the 
occupational health and safety management system, and continued to enhance investment and education in employees to protect health and safety in the workplace, and comply with human 
rights policies and RBA norms. Furthermore, we have expressly established various standard operating procedures for workplace emergency response work, implemented equipment self-inspec-
tion, and reinforced employees' safety, health, and fire protection education and training. Each unit has set up an occupational health and safety unit and manage staff and first-aid staff to compre-
hensively prevent the occurrence of occupational accidents. 

93
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 5 ｜Common Good of Community
Occupational Health and Safety Management System
Key work in six major areas
Measures
Health and safety education 
and training as well as disaster 
prevention drills
•Carry out health and safety education and training for new employees and those in-service, and provide external training courses for those engaged in special work to strengthen 
employees’ safety awareness and assure their operational safety. 
•Require contractors to conduct work safety education and training, and ensure that contractors’ personnel regularly receive in-service education and training to strengthen safety 
awareness. 
•Include the annual occupational health and safety management plan in the emergency response practice plan, and regularly organize each unit to participate in emergency re-
sponse drills to strengthen personnel’s ability to respond to and handle emergencies. 
•Regularly advocate health and safety to enhance employees’ understanding. 
•Regularly assign first-aid medical staff and dedicated ESH personnel to participate in job-related education and training externally.
Hazard identification and 
risk evaluation
• The environmental safety promotion commissioner of each unit regularly identifies the health and safety risks of each work in the unit, and evaluate risks and opportunities an-
nually, including conducting a safety evaluation of dangerous workplaces, chemical substances, or other items used in processes and work activities. The evaluation results are 
presented to the ESH management system management review meeting for review and reporting. 
• In 2022, the Company identified two unacceptable risk hazards:
• Volatile organic compounds were not fully collected and treated by VOC exhaust equipment, resulting in a risk of exposure of employees to these substances. VOC exhaust 
equipment closed collecting facilities were later installed to avoid volatile organic compounds from escaping.
• The wastewater dosing pump was leaking, causing a risk of chemical splashing and burning people. The O-ring of the wastewater dosing pump was comprehensively inspected 
and replaced, and included in the regular patrol items to ensure personnel operational safety. PDCA was adopted to prevent the risk of occurrence of similar incidents.
Environmental health and safety 
audit and inspection
• Audits and checks of the operating sites and factory are conducted irregularly, and occupational accident risks are reported to the OSH Committee for handling and improvement, 
if any. 
•The Company completed 29 internal audits in the current year. Nonconforming items mainly included the absence of 6S management of personnel. In the future, the Company 
will continue to track the implementation of 6S management. 
•The Company completed 22 external audits with zero insufficiencies and penalties.
Disaster accident response and 
treatment
•Formulate administrative measures for occupational accidents (work-related injuries), establish a process for the notification and handling of accidents, collaborate with labor rep-
resentatives to analyze incidents, investigate causes, and review improvements. 
•Continue to establish a safe work environment to prevent occupational injuries and diseases.
Health management and 
promotion activities
•Organize regular employee health examinations and special health examinations every year. 
•The Company held four health promotion lectures on muscle and bone health, nutrition, stress relief, and eye care in the current year. 
•Hold blood drives. 
•Advocate health issues and health-related content like anti-epidemic measures to employees via email, and posting announcements, etc. on festival days or other events.
Measures for health protection of 
specific ethnic groups
•Measures for the implementation of maternal health: Provide pregnant women and women who have recently given birth with maternal health evaluations and work adjustments 
to protect physical and mental health. Dedicated parking spaces and breastfeeding rooms are provided for pregnant women, and other relevant measures are put in place.  
•Health management of workers exposed to high risks of occupational accidents: Establish operating procedures for the prevention of overloading (overwork) hazards and hu-
man-induced hazards, and strengthen health management of workers exposed to high risks. Invite occupational physicians to evaluate the status on-site for high-risk units, and 
provide relevant health education. Provide high-risk ethnic groups with health education, consulting, and re-evaluation from occupational physicians according to the Framing-
ham risk score for hazard prediction.
•Management standards for the health and safety of contractors and outsourcers: The frequency for receiving health examination and medical examination report shall be handled 
according to Article 11 of the Rules for Worker Health Protection: Employees aged 65 or over receive health examinations and medical examination reports once every year; those 
over 40 and below 65 receive health examinations and medical examination reports once every three years; and below 40 receive health examinations and medical examination 
reports once every five years.

94
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 5 ｜Common Good of Community
OSH Committee
To safeguard employees' rights and interests, the Company has established an OSH Committee in accordance with the regulatory requirements in the Administrative Measures for Occupational 
Health and Safety. The OSH Committee comprises 19 members including one chair, one executive security, nine commissioners, and eight labor representatives. The labor representatives account 
for more than one third of the total number of OSH Committee members.
The responsibilities of the OSH Committee are to improve health and safety management levels, and realize the safety management goals through planning, implementation, evaluation, and 
improvement of the OSH environment. An OSH Committee meeting is convened every quarter and discussions include identifying and eliminating hazards; risk evaluations; work environment 
monitoring measures; accident investigations and audits; health management; occupational disease prevention and health promotion; automatic inspection and health and safety auditing items; 
health and safety education training; and auditing standards adopted by contractors and suppliers, etc. 
Project director: President
Management representative: 
Manager of the Industrial Safety Office
Implementing officer: Indus-
trial Safety Office
Organizational Structure of the OSH Committee
Department: Information 
Engineering Division
Department: Integration 
Engineering Division
Department: Product Devel-
opment Division
Department: Manufacturing 
Department
Department: Engineering 
Department 2
Department: Engineering 
Department 1
Department: Quality 
Assurance Division
Department: Marketing & 
Sales Division
Department: Materials 
Division
Department: Industrial 
Safety Office
Department: Human Resourc-
es & Administration Center
Department: Factory Affairs 
Division
Job responsibility of Industrial Safety Office
1. Engage all staff members in the establish-
ment of ESH system architecture and draft-
ing and amendment of related documents.
2. Collect relevant environmental factors and 
evaluate occupational safety hazards.
3. Selection, recommendation, and correspon-
dence of external verification companies.
4. Take charge of training ISO internal auditors 
and executing audits.
5. Execute abnormality corrections and preven-
tive measures of the ESH system.
Job responsibility of President
1. Approve ESH policy.
2. Establish the direction for the overall ESH 
management system.
3. Approve the designation of ESH manage-
ment representative.
4. Approve ESH objectives and management 
programs.
5. Approve ESH related performance indicators.
Job responsibility of Information Engineering Division
1. Coordinate environmental factors as well as execution of risk evaluation.
2. Retain ESH records.
3. Execute each requirement of the ESH management system and ESH program.
4. Serve as an internal communication and consulting window in the department.
5. Obligations to participate in relevant training courses and coordinate the exe-
cution of internal audits.
6. Obligations to improve the ESH performance and suggest system compli-
ance ideas.
7. Handle and execute ESH-related matters in the department.
Job responsibility of  Industrial Safety manager
1. Take charge of supervision and guidance of 
system architecture and establishment of 
ESH policy.
2. Implementation effect and supervision of 
ESH system.
3. Host meetings of the ESH management com-
mittee.
4. Take charge of reviewing ESH system man-
agement and internal audits.

95
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 5 ｜Common Good of Community
OSH Education and Training
To ensure employees can work in a healthy and safe environment, we require colleagues to undergo relevant training and obtain fire protection licenses. For example, a site superintendent must 
obtain a license as a site superintendent. General colleagues need to obtain certification in six-hour courses. Work safety training is regularly provided for new employees, in-service employees, and 
contracted workers to obtain the safety knowledge necessary for their work. To avoid recurrence of incidents, the Company also regularly provides incident education and training, and employs 
accident investigation and analysis approaches to enable employees to understand the causes of such incidents, reduce workplace accidents, and reinforce health and safety.
To effectively prevent and control risks, we routinely confirm and evaluate potential emergencies and incidents, and plan specific emergency schemes and response measures to minimize the 
impact of possible risks, including emergency reporting, employee announcements and evacuation plans, staff training, and drills. Drills are conducted at least once every year, or in accordance 
with relevant laws. Fire detection and extinguishing equipment, unobstructed emergency exits, adequate escape and exit facilities, contact information for first responders, and recovery plans are 
included in our plans.
We also provide external training courses for stacking machine operators, fixed crane operators, high-pressure gas vessel operators, and specific high-pressure gas equipment operators. Unit using 
chemicals undergo education and training of labelling and general knowledge of dangerous and hazardous items twice a year, and teach and advocate the use of personal protective products. 
Units using chlorine undergo KIT A chlorine cylinder leak training, fire emergency training, and other relevant courses once every half a year to strengthen personnel's safety awareness and 
improve the safety of the work environment.
ESH Change Management Training
Education and Training on Labelling and General Knowledge of Dangerous and 
Hazardous Items

96
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 5 ｜Common Good of Community
Occupational Health and Safety Training Received by Employees of HannsTouch in 2022
Category of worker
Category of training
Training courses in 2022
Course hours
Number of 
trainees
Total training 
hours
New employees
Health and safety 
education and 
training for new 
employees
General health and safety education and training
6
93
558
Occupational accident investigation
In-house construction safety notification and contractor management
Education and training of general knowledge on hazards
Fire safety training and emergency response treatment
Safety inspection of machine units
In-service employees
Internal training
Health and safety education and training for in-house work supervisors
1
39
39
Education and training of labelling and general knowledge of dangerous and hazardous substances
1
41
41
Safety inspection of engineering equipment and instruments
1
9
9
ESH risk evaluation & education and training of the topic regarding the ESH organization
3
19
57
Teaching and advocacy of use of personal protective equipment
1
24
24
ESH change management
1
35
35
KIT A chlorine cylinder leak training
2
14
28
Discussion, education, and training of occupational accident cases
1.5
16
24
External training
Live fire extinguishing training
2.5
11
27.5
Preliminary training for line managers in charge of high-pressure gas supply and consumption
21
1
21
Preliminary training for operators of high-pressure gas vessels
35
2
70
Preliminary training of operators of specific high-pressure gas equipment
35
1
35
Retraining of operators of specific high-pressure gas equipment
1
3
3
Retraining of radioactive protection operators
3
7
21
Retraining of line managers in charge of anoxic operations
6
2
12
Retraining of line managers in charge of specific chemical substances
6
7
42
Preliminary training of first-aid personnel
18
1
18
Retraining of first-aid personnel
3
11
33
Retraining of security supervisors
8
2
16
Retraining of security inspectors
8
1
8
Retraining of line managers in charge of organic solvents
6
5
30
Preliminary training of operators of fixed cranes weighing above 3t
38
2
76
Retraining of operators of fixed cranes weighing above 3t
3
2
6
Retraining of operators of stacking machines weighing above 1t
3
4
12
Labor service 
contractors
General training
General health and safety education and training for contractors
1
1,317
    1,317
Specific training
Meetings of agreed organizations, and education and training of special hazards
1
115
	
115
Total
216
1,784
2,677.5

97
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 5 ｜Common Good of Community
KIT A Chlorine Cylinder Leak Education 
and Training
Through systematic education and training, operators 
and users of toxic substances are expected to learn 
about the hazardous properties of chlorine and re-
sponse to the chlorine leak emergencies (including how 
to stop leaking bottle valves, hot melting plugs, and cyl-
inder bodies) to handle accidents and properly adminis-
ter safety instructions. 
1. Hazardous properties of chlorine: Introduction to ba-
sic properties, hazardous properties, and emergency 
treatment method of chlorine.
2. Basic knowledge on chlorine cylinders: Introduction 
to the basic structure, usage, risks, and other relevant 
knowledge about chlorine cylinders.
3. Methods for handling leaking chlorine cylinders: In-
troduction to how to identity a chlorine cylinder leak, 
evaluate the risks, and take appropriate measures for emergency treatment.
4. Selection and restriction of accident response and rescue equipment: Introduction to the use 
of KIT A chlorine cylinders and techniques for stopping leaks of toxic substances from steel 
cylinders.
5. Emergency response plan: Introduction to how to establish emergency response plans, in-
cluding personnel training, equipment preparation, and emergency response flow, etc.
6. Execution of drills: Carry out drills of operational steps of KIT A to test the trainees' respon-
siveness and handling skills.
Live Fire Extinguishing Training
Based on actual operating experience and knowledge, members of the rescue squad of the 
emergency response team are expected to know how to effectively put out a fire and implement 
emergency treatment, including the use of fire extinguishers, types of fire extinguishers, 
judgment of fire behavior, safe entry to the fire scene, coordination and cooperation with other 
employees, and fire extinguishing drills, etc. so they can make the right decisions and take 
appropriate action in the event of a fire.
5.4.2 Risk Control of Occupational Safety Hazards
According to ISO45001, HannsTouch develops procedures and systems to prevent, manage, track, and report work-related injuries and occupational diseases, including encouraging employees to 
report, classify, and record work-related injuries and occupational diseases. We also provide necessary treatment, investigate cases, and take corrective actions to eliminate the root cause and as-
sist employees in returning to work. HannsTouch identifies, evaluates, and alleviates potential health and safety hazards in the workplace (e.g., chemical, electric power, and other energy sources, 
fire, transportation tools, and dangers of falling, and accidents) through hierarchical control and human factors engineering, including hazard elimination and alternation of processes, equipment 
or materials, implementation of engineering and administrative control, adoption of operating procedures for protective maintenance and safety, and continual safety knowledge training, etc.
The Company conducts hazard identification and analysis and sets risk levels based on occupational hazard incident reports. Common types of occupational hazards include exposure to harmful 
substances, falling, oxygen deprivation, electric shock, falls, etc.; therefore, we have established safety fences, guardrails, and horizontal fall prevention systems for work conducted at height, and 
established procedures for the management of chemical products, management standards for protective equipment, standard operating procedures for power systems, licenses for work in con-
fined spaces, and other relevant certifications. We also provide corresponding environmental safety education and training, and emergency drills based on specific units or job duties to ensure per-
sonnel's operational safety.

98
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 5 ｜Common Good of Community
Hazard Identification, Analysis and Improvement Measures of HannsTouch for Occupational Health and Safety Management
Hazard 
identification
Hazard analysis
Risk level
Improvement measures
Falling
A person engaged in work at a height accidentally 
missed his or her step on an A-shaped ladder and fell.
Acceptable risk
1. Establish standards to require relevant personnel to wear personal protective equipment (safety helmet), 
and check and update the standards as appropriate.
2. Standards for health and safety management of contractors and outsourcers
3. Establish a horizontal fall prevention system in the MAU equipment room area.
Slipping
The ground of the SCUB building was slippery causing 
personnel to slip.
Acceptable risk
Establish standards for personal protective equipment to require those who enter the control area to wear safe-
ty shoes. 
Object fall/slide
Packing materials/articles were not properly stacked 
causing them to fall on top of personnel.
Acceptable risk
Establish a procedure for warehouse management to restrict stacking height. 
Being clamped/
rolled
The mechanical safety protection mechanism of the 
industrial robot failed.
Unacceptable 
risk
1. Standard operating procedure for the operation of various machine units.
2. Standard operating procedures for the maintenance of various machine units.
Exposure to high or 
low temperature 
The temperature of the oven equipment was too high, 
causing personnel to get burned when accidentally 
touching equipment.
Acceptable risk
1. Establish standards to require personnel to wear personal protective equipment (heat-resistant gloves). 
2. Standard operating procedures for the maintenance of various machine units.
Exposure to hazard-
ous substances
Employees were exposed to a work environment 
where hazardous chemicals/organic solvents were 
used/machine with low ionizing radiation.
Acceptable risk
1. Wear personal protective equipment (mask, goggles, respiratory protection equipment-half-hood protective 
mask, and acid and alkali protective clothing, gloves, and safety shoes) according to personal protective 
equipment management standards, and check and update standards as appropriate.
2. Regular health examinations due to exposure to indium and ionizing radiation.
The wastewater dosing pump leaked.
Acceptable risk
Comprehensively inspect and replace the O-ring of the wastewater dosing pump, and replace it regularly. 
Volatile organic compounds were not fully collected 
and treated by VOC exhaust equipment, resulting in a 
risk of exposure of employees to these substances.
Acceptable risk
Install VOC exhaust equipment closed collecting facilities to fully collect volatile organic compounds, and lower 
the exposure risk of employees.
Hazards during work in the confined space of a tank.
Unacceptable 
risk
Control work in tanks (application for a permit to work in confined spaces, continuous ventilation, determi-
nation of concentration of hazardous substances, including oxygen, hydrogen sulfide, and carbon monoxide, 
determination of the lower explosive limit, and personnel access control).
Physical hazards
Noise in the plant and electrical hazards in the electri-
cal equipment room
Acceptable risk
1. Wear personal protective equipment (earplugs, earmuffs, insulated gloves, and insulated shoes) according to 
the personal protective equipment management standards, and check and update standards as appropriate.
2. Standards for health and safety management of contractors and outsourcers.
3. Standard operating procedure for the power system.
4. Regular health examinations due to noise in the workplace.
Human-induced 
hazards
Personnel engaged in visual inspections suffered from 
musculoskeletal injuries due to repetitive strain injury. 
Acceptable risk
1. Standards for the management of prevention of overloading (overwork) hazards and human-induced hazards
2. Job rotation or temporary job change: Human factors engineering, and overloaded (overworked) personnel.
Occupational Hazard Identification and Analysis of HannsTouch and Risk Evaluation methods
Hazard identification
The risk score of hazards is authenticated and each is quantified per hazard category. The calculation 
method is as follows: 
"Risk score (R) = Work exposure frequency (F) * Probability of a risk incident (P) * Severity (S)"
Risk level
•Unacceptable risk: ＞124 points
     Includes risks for management, review of existing protective measures as priority, and draft im-
provement plans to strengthen risk mitigation capacity.
•Acceptable risk (Opportunity for improvement): ＜124 points
    Take improvement measures based on the resource status of each department.

99
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 5 ｜Common Good of Community
OSH Hazard Drills
OSH hazard drills are implemented to improve employees' emergency response capabilities, inspect the effectiveness of the safety prevention measures, and reinforce the OSH 
management system to prevent and reduce the occurrence of occupational health and safety accidents, and maintain the safety of employees in the work environment. 
July 2022: Gasification Section of Water Gasification Department – Emergency Response to Leak 
of Toxic Substance (CL2)
August 2022: DRY Section - Emergency Response to Leak of Toxic Sub-
stance (CL2)
Emergency Response Drill Programs and Number of Participants of HannsTouch in 2022
Drill of exposure of laboratory operators to chemicals
5 participants
Emergency response to liquid leaks due to the chemical supply system 
pipeline breaking
6 participants
Drill of response to fire in the electric wire of a solar panel
5 participants
Emergency response to leaks of toxic substance (CL2)
12 participants
Silicomethane (SiH4) leak drill
9 participants
Emergency response to leaks caused by damage of stripper pipeline
5 participants
Earthquake evacuation drill
10 participants
Response drill of electric shock to power operators
6 participants
Disaster prevention of public dangerous items drill and self-defense fire 
formation in the first half of the year
24 participants
Toxic substance (CL2) leak drill
6 participants
STOCK maintenance personnel injury drill
9 participants
Emergency response to leaks of developing liquid
6 participants
Emergency response to pipeline leaks of the chemical supply system 
(TMAH)
5 participants
Disaster prevention of public dangerous items drill and self-defense fire 
formation in the second half of the year
197 participants
Drill of personnel injuries during maintenance of the PVD machine unit
6 participants
Emergency response to injuries to robot maintenance personnel
4 participants
Emergency response drill of injuries caused by operation of the stacking 
machine
4 participants
Emergency response drill of air quality deterioration
5 participants

100
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 5 ｜Common Good of Community
Chemical Management and Work Environment Monitoring
To prevent the use of harmful substances from affecting the health of employees, we give prior-
ity to the use of low-hazard chemicals and local exhaust devices. If it is necessary to purchase 
new chemicals or change the chemicals used in processes, a hazard risk level assessment of the 
use of such chemicals must be carried out in accordance with the change management proce-
dures for environmental health and safety operations in the factory, and chemicals may only be 
used after approval of the relevant units. Moreover, we provide personal respiratory protection 
equipment that meets regulatory requirements according on the use of chemicals. For pro-
cesses with a high risk of respiratory hazard, a corresponding fit test shall be conducted to 
ensure effectiveness.
According to the actual work hazard status and legal requirements, we regularly entrust qual-
ified monitoring agencies to carry out work environment monitoring to control hazardous 
factors in the work environment and improve the field work based on monitoring results to 
reduce the occurrence of occupational diseases. The main types of chemical hazards are mainly 
organic solvents and acidic chemicals. The monitoring items for chemical factors include eth-
anol, ethylene glycol, nitric acid, sulfuric acid, and carbon dioxide, and physical factors include 
noise and illumination, etc. We carry out special health inspections for workers who work with 
hazardous factors and conduct hierarchical management according to the inspection results to 
prevent employees from being exposed to various hazardous factors at work and endangering 
their health. Occupational physicians are provided to handle health education and assignment 
evaluations for those who have reached second level or above in health examination hierarchi-
cal management to avoid occupational diseases.
Contractor OSH Management
HannsTouch considers its contractors to be important partners. To ensure the work safety of 
contractors' personnel, we not only implement hazard notification and supervision in accor-
dance with the Occupational Health and Safety Act and other relevant laws and regulations, but 
also promote management mechanisms to reinforce contractors' construction safety. We have 
also established a contractor qualification review system, implement investigations using con-
tractor questionnaires in the ESH management system, and assign the ESH management unit 
to assess the safety, health, and environmental protection issues of each manufacturer during 
the construction period in accordance with the Contractor Safety, Health, and Environmental 
Protection Assessment Form, and submit it to the host and purchasing unit as a reference when 
selecting contractors. This system will help the purchasing unit master understand contractors' 
sources at an early stage, and improve the construction quality of contracted work as well as 
satisfy practical work safety levels.
Introduction of a Vehicle Recognition System to Control the Access Safety of the Plant Area
In 2022, HannsTouch introduced a license plate recognition system and cameras to capture li-
cense plate information. We also integrated information system equipment, including computer 
hardware, software data program, and a database, to the management mechanism for monitor-
ing system resources and equipment, and managing vehicles accessing the plant area. Access 
is also controlled and relevant records are retained. If an accident occurs, this system can also 
help quickly track license plate and vehicle owner information to expedite investigations.
Test item
Test frequency
Building safety inspection
Every 2 years
Electrical safety test
Every year
Work environment monitoring includes organic solvents, specific chemical 
substances, illumination, carbon dioxide, etc.
Every half a year
Legionella monitoring of cooling towers
Every year
Drinking water testing
Every 3 years

101
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 5 ｜Common Good of Community
Occupational Accident Response and Treatment
To ensure that relevant units can respond quickly in the event of an occupational accident, the Company has established administrative measures for occupa-
tional accidents (work-related injuries) which stipulate that measures such as first aid, notification, investigation, and improvement shall be taken for incidents 
including false alarms, occupational injuries, and occupational diseases. Improvement countermeasures are also taken to address the root cause of accidents. 
All improvement measures shall be launched across the board to prevent the occurrence of similar accidents. If employees who resume work after occupational 
injury or disease still have concerns about the workplace, they can report to the environmental safety office at any time. HannsTouch takes the health and safety 
of employees as priority and takes corresponding improvements to further ensure the health and safety of employees. In addition, after occupational injury or 
disease, occupational physicians are arranged to evaluate whether the employee can resume work.
Occurrence of an incident
Fire
Injury
Gas/chemical leak
Close valve
Stop the leak
Connect container connection
Press fire alarm
Put out fire using fire 
extinguisher
If the injured person experiences 
a significant injury like confusion, 
excessive bleeding, or inability to 
walk, leave the clean room through the 
nearest escape door
The finder reports the 
situation
Immediate group 
leader (foreman)
Line (deputy) manager
Line (deputy) manager
Factory (section) 
manager
(Deputy) manager of 
environmental safety unit
(Deputy) factory 
manager
Assistant manager
President
Return to the operating post
Call 119 and send the injured person 
to hospital for treatment 
Accident Notification and Handling Flowchart
When it is not possible to report to the supervisor at the 
next level, notify his/her agent or supervisor at the level 
above that. Each stage of preliminary notifications shall be 
done within 3 minutes for further tracking. The following 
information shall be included in the notification: 
1. People → Name(s) of unit where the incident occurred 
or injured person(s)
2. Incident → Brief description of the incident
3. Time → Time of the incident
4. Location → Location of the incident
5. Object → What the incident involved
Central control room
Apply for leave and rest at home

102
102
Incident Investigation Flow
Occurrence of an incident
A major occupational accident shall be immediately reported to the Industrial Safety Office and the supervisor at the next level. Relevant contractors shall no-
tify the work supervision unit by telephone within 30 minutes, and request support from fire protection and medical units according to relevant provisions. A 
major occupational accident shall be notified to the local labor inspecting body within eight hours of occurrence.
We also guarantee workers' due rights to withdrawal according to Article 18 of the Occupational Health and Safety Act. We aim to strengthen the advocacy of 
people's rights via education and training of new employees to ensure that top priority is given to personal health and safety in all circumstances. 
Tracking of the cause of the incident
The Industrial Safety Office shall establish an occupational accident investigation and handling team after the occurrence of a major occupational accident. 
The supervisor of each unit or a designated person shall serve as the convener, and go to the site to survey and investigate alongside labor representatives 
and department heads. An "Accident Investigation Report" shall then be submitted to the president by letter, and a major occupational accident investigation 
review meeting will be convened. The supervisor in charge of occupational health and safety shall serve as the convener, and department heads and labor 
representatives will be invited to attend the meeting. The Industrial Safety Office and the person in charge of the unit where the occupational accident oc-
curred shall explain the process and treatment of the incident. 
Incident review and improvement
Each unit shall list improvement matters specified in the incident investigation and analysis report submitted by the “occupational accident investigation 
and handling team” for tracking management until the improvements are completed. Also, it shall be comprehensively reviewed and improved to prevent 
the reoccurrence of similar incidents.
Photos of the scene where the major occupational accident occurred shall be taken as evidence, then submitted to the Industrial Safety Office with the investi-
gation report, and used as teaching materials in training sessions to prevent the occurrence of similar incidents.
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 5 ｜Common Good of Community

103
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 5 ｜Common Good of Community
Notes: 
1. Occupational injuries refer to accidental injuries caused to workers in the execution of their duties or in the workplace. The statistical benchmark does not include accidents during commutes.
2. Total working hours: Calculate the total annual working hours of all workers; for employees, actual working time and overtime are summarized in the calculation; for non-employee workers (workers in charge of cleaning, 
group meals, and security), the data of working hours for the whole year is estimated per 8 hours or 12 hours a day × (the number of workers entering the factory every month × the number of working hours in each month).
3. Serious occupational injuries refers to occupational injuries that result in disability, or failure of the injured personnel to recover to the same health status as before they were injured within six months (not including deaths).
4. Death rate = Number of deaths caused by occupational injuries × 200,000 / Total working hours
5. Rate of serious occupational injuries = Number of serious occupational injuries × 200,000 / Total working hours
6. Total Recordable Injury Frequency Rate (TRIFR) = Number of recordable occupational injuries (including number of serious occupational injuries, number of deaths, and number of other recordable occupational injuries) × 
200,000 / Total working hours
7. Calculation method of rates 4~6: Calculated to 2 decimal places without rounding-off.
8. Ratio of 200,000 working hours refers to the number of occupational injuries of every 100 full-time workers in a year. It is assumed according to an annual 2,000 working hours per full-time worker.
Statistics and Analysis of Occupational Injury Accidents
In 2022, the number of deaths caused by occupational injuries, the number of employees suffering from serious occupational injuries, the number of deaths caused by occupa-
tional diseases, and the number of recordable occupational diseases were all zero. During the period from August 8, 2019 to December 31, 2022, accumulated zero-disaster work 
reached 2,085,950 hours. We also regularly advocate learning from experience from occupational accident cases, including occupational accident cases outside the factory, to con-
tinually establish colleagues' safety awareness, and lower the probability of disasters. 
Statistics of Occupational Injuries of Workers of HannsTouch in the Last Three Years
Year
2020
2021
2022
Type of worker
Employee
Non-employee
Employee
Non-employee
Employee
Non-employee
Number
	
335
27
300
27
315
	
27
Total working hours
	
638,578
60,288
610,902
63,424
590,856
	
62,848
Number of deaths
	
0
0
0
0
0
0
Death rate
0
0
0
0
0
0
Number of serious occupational 
injuries
0
0
0
0
0
0
Rate of serious occupational injuries
0
0
0
0
0
0
Number of recordable occupational 
injuries
0
0
0
0
0
0
Total Recordable Injury Frequency 
Rate (TRIFR)
0
0
0
0
0
0
Type of injury
-
-
-
-
-
-

104
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 5 ｜Common Good of Community
Regular health examinations for all employees
5.4.3 Workplace Health Services
Occupational Injury Prevention Management
HannsTouch has long been actively committed to promoting a healthy workplace environment. To protect workers' physical and 
mental health, the Company regularly offers health examinations for all employees every year, including health examinations 
for in-service employees, health examinations of special hazards, and health examinations for night work, and legally imple-
ments classified health management. The nursing staff of the factory and the occupational physicians offers health education 
and health tracking and inspection services based on the results of health examinations, and may execute on-site evaluation of 
diseases suspected of being related to work as necessary. Personnel in health management class 3 or above are tracked in the 
coming year; personnel in health management class 4 receive relevant health consultations and guidance from professional phy-
sicians in the health center. During the period from 2020 to the end of 2022, annual health examinations were attended a total 
of 749 times over; according to the results of special health examinations in the last three years, just one person was in health 
management class 3 or above. No one was in health management class 4 due to abnormal items in health examinations due to 
special work; and in 2022, no one was in health management class 3 or 4 based on the results of special health examinations.
Health Promotion Care
We aim for our employees to achieve a work-life-health balance. We have introduced massage services offered by people with vi-
sual impairments to provide job opportunities for people with disabilities and to help our colleagues relieve discomfort through 
professional and safe massages, thus enhancing their physical and mental health. In 2020, we introduced the EAP (Employee 
Assistance Programs) and established a brand-new health center to integrate internal and external specialized service resources 
and help employees solve problems that affect their work performance. Employee assistance includes the following aspects:
Massage services rendered by people with visual impairments to relieve 
employee stress and discomfort
Lecture on muscle and bone 
health to promote exercise
Lecture on nutrition to explain the 
contents marked on fresh milk 
labels
Year
Total number of 
persons examined
Those in health 
management class 1
Those in health 
management class 2
Those in health 
management class 3
Those in health 
management class 4
2020
67
40
27
0
0
2021
61
44
16
1
0
2022
60
42
18
0
0
(Unit: Number of persons)
Service 
system
Health center: Medical office on 1F
Professional 
assistance
•Resident physician: Provides on-site health education and consulting services once every month.
•Psychological consulting: Provides high-risk groups with relevant referral data and occupational physician consultations in 
accordance with psychological and overload scales.
Information 
sharing
New health knowledge: Relevant articles are regularly posted on the bulletin board and Company intranet to advocate the 
latest health information. During the COVID-19 pandemic which began in 2020, the Company summarized and announced 
relevant epidemic prevention information to strengthen colleagues' concepts of epidemic prevention.
Handling of 
activities
Weight loss activities, health promotion activities (lectures on nutrition, muscle and bone health, eye care, stress relief, etc.), 
and blood drives are offered.
Health Management Classification of Special health Examinations 
in the Last Three Years 

105
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 5 ｜Common Good of Community
Epidemic Prevention Management
In response to the COVID-19 epidemic, HannsTouch established an in-house emergency response process and risk classification management measures in the factory to manage 
serious special infectious pneumonia and strictly required colleagues under home isolation and home quarantine not to enter the factory for work. The Company also initiated ac-
cess control of visitors and contractors and executed work in different office areas at the height of the pandemic to avoid cluster infections in the factory.
Item
Description
Distribution of epidemic prevention materials
•The Employee Welfare Committee provided epidemic prevention kits during the pandemic, and distributed rapid screening reagents to high-
risk groups superior to the requirements of regulations and epidemic prevention policy adopted by the central government.
Strengthening of environmental disinfection
•Implement environmental disinfection once every month.
•Disinfectant sprays were placed in public areas like elevator and lobby, and soap in the toilets; personnel in charge of factory affairs were 
requested to increase ventilation in the factory at fixed times.
•After notification of high-risk groups, the administration management department was asked to assist with cleaning and disinfection of public 
areas and office seats.
Control of pedestrian flow
•Before entering the factory, manufacturers, visitors, and other relevant personnel were asked to fill in an epidemic investigation form, and high-
risk groups were controlled and tracked.
Provide and advocate knowledge of epidemic 
prevention
•The epidemic prevention policy adopted by the central government was advocated via e-mail and in written form, and colleagues were 
encouraged to receive rapid screening if they had certain symptoms, and get vaccinated against COVID-19.
Reduction of physical meetings and training
•It was suggested that online meetings should be adopted by units at each level. The doors of the meeting rooms should be opened for cleaning 
personnel to clean and disinfect after use. It was also suggested that online training should be adopted instead of in-person training, and 
everyone was requested to remain flexible as the policy of the central government was adapted based on developments.
Grouped and divided office work
•Office work was divided for people on 3F and 5F into two groups.
•Working from home was granted for some personnel temporarily, and grouped and divided office seats were used.
Management of individual high-risk cases
•The main focused was on zoning management of individuals who had tested positive before returning to work, and colleagues living in migrant 
workers' dormitories to reduce the risks in accordance with the adjustments to the epidemic prevention policy of the central government. 
Confirmed individual cases were regularly tracked, and high-risk groups were offered medical care and tracking.
Dinning norms
•Bento was supplied and separation boards were placed in the dining area on the 2nd floor.

106
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 5 ｜Common Good of Community
5.5 Social Care and Welfare
5.5.1 Career Coaching Program (CCP) of National Cheng Kung University
HannsTouch has participated in the Career Coaching Program (CCP) of National Cheng Kung University since 2020. The tenet of this 
program is to invite mid-level and senior supervisors in relevant enterprises to serve as career coaches every year, and guide students 
in learning about the industrial environment and workplace preparation. Coaches share their experience to encourage students to 
think about their personal interests, and engage in career planning and future development in an interactive way. This program is a 
good opportunity for enterprises to leave a good corporate impression among future talent on campus.
In 2022, 29 manufacturers were invited to participate in the CCP. HannsTouch offered five CCP courses (four were provided as video 
lectures due to the pandemic). A total number of 91 trainees attended the courses. The contents of the courses included an introduc-
tion to the panel industry and future development trends, smart factories moving towards Industry 4.0, metaverse reading club, 
sharing interview tips, and sharing career development stories, etc., to guide students in their learning of the industry and pre-
pare for the workplace.
Video Course - Introduction to Panel Industry and Future 
Development Trends
Video Course - Smart Factory-Moving Towards Industry 4.0
Sharing Interview Tips
"Thank You" Medal from the Career Coaching 
Program (CCP) of National Cheng Kung 
University

107
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Chapter 5 ｜Common Good of Community
5.5.2 Responding with Kindness and Donating Blood to Help Others
HannsTouch actively encourages its employees to participate in various public welfare activities. The Employee 
Welfare Committee initiated a blood drive this year in cooperation with the Tainan Blood Center, not only helping to 
replenish blood supplies for people in need and contributing to public welfare, but also benefiting donors to main-
tain a healthy balance and prevent the risks of cardiovascular disease through blood donation. A total of 53 bags of 
blood were donated.
HannsTouch held a blood drive and employees responded with enthusiasm, 
receiving a certificate of gratitude from the Tainan Blood Center.
5.5.3 Support and Care for Children in the Protectory at Christmas
In December at Christmas time we visited Habitat for Humanity in New Taipei City for a public welfare activity. We 
donated 33 children's books (totaling NT$ 8,000) on behalf of the Company, and 46 colleagues granted wishes from 
33 children in the protectory, donating Christmas gifts worth approximately NT$ 30,000, including cooling fans, 
Korean-style windbreakers, and baseball gloves, etc. Another 10 colleagues raised funds and donated NT$ 10,000, 
and the Employee Welfare Committee used this fund to purchase cooked wheaten food, rice, long life milk, and de-
tergents for protectory to show our care for children in need. Employees actively participated and responded to this 
initiative, showing their care and positively impacting others through small actions. We will continue to engage in 
such initiatives in the future and contribute more to society.

108
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc. 108
2022 和鑫光電永續報告書   Chapter 1 ｜ 關於我們
Appendix
•Index table of GRI
•Index of SASB
•Sustainability Disclosure Indicators-  
    Optoelectronic Industry

109
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Appendix
General Disclosure
Index table of GRI
GRI No.
Disclosure Item
Chapter
Page
GRI Universal Standards Version: GRI Universal Standards 2021
Applicable Industry Guidelines: None
The content of the report period of January 1 to December 31, 2022 followed the GRI Standards
GRI 2: 2021 General Disclosure
GRI 2-1
Organizational details
1.1 About HannsTouch
P.17
GRI 2-2
Entities included in the organization's sustainability reporting
Reporting Boundary and Scope
P. 7
GRI 2-3
Reporting period, frequency, and point of contact
Contact Information
P. 8
GRI 2-4
Restatements of Information
No Restatements of Information
None
GRI 2-5
External Guarantee / Confirmation
Department in charge and quality management methods
P. 8
GRI 2-6
Activities, value chain and other business relationships
1.1  About HannsTouch
P. 19
3.1 Sustainable Value Chain
P. 49
GRI 2-7
Employee
5.1.1 Distribution of Manpower
P. 79
GRI 2-8
Workers who are not employees
5.1.1 Distribution of Manpower
P.79
GRI 2-9
Governance structure and composition
2.1.2 Professional Board of Directors
P. 33
GRI 2-10
Nomination and selection of the highest governance body
Nomination and Selection of the Board of Directors
P. 34
GRI 2-11
Chair of the highest governance body
2.1.2 Professional Board of Directors
P. 33
GRI 2-12
Role of the highest governance body in overseeing operations
2.1.2 Professional Board of Directors
P. 33
2.2 Functional Science and Technology Committee
P. 37
GRI 2-13
Delegation of responsibility for managing impact
2.6 Risk Management
P. 44
GRI 2-14
Role of the highest governance body in sustainability reporting
Department in charge and quality management methods
P. 8

110
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Appendix
GRI No.
Disclosure Item
Chapter
Page
GRI 2-15
Conflicts of interest
Interest Avoidance
P. 34
GRI 2-16
Communication of critical concerns
2.1.2 Professional Board of Directors
P. 33
GRI 2-17
Collective knowledge of the highest governance body
2.1.3 Continuing education for Board of Directors
P. 35
GRI 2-18
Evaluation of the performance of the highest governance body
2.1.4 Performance Evaluation of Board of Directors
P. 36
GRI 2-19
Remuneration policies
2.1.5 Remuneration of Manager & Director
P. 36
GRI 2-20
Process to determine remuneration
2.1.5 Remuneration of Manager & Director
P. 36
GRI 2-21
Annual total compensation ratio
5.2.2 Remuneration
P. 86
GRI 2-22
Statement on the sustainable development strategy
Sustainability Strategy and Goals
P. 14
GRI 2-23
Policy commitments
2.1.1 Policy Commitment
P. 31
GRI 2-24
Embedding policy commitments
2.1.1 Policy Commitment
P. 31
GRI 2-25
Processes to remediate negative impacts
2.5.2  Voicing complaints and suggestions
P. 43
GRI 2-26
Mechanisms for seeking advice and raising concerns
2.5.2 Voicing complaints and suggestions
P. 43
GRI 2-27
Regulatory compliance
2.5 Regulatory Compliance
P. 42
GRI 2-28
Membership to associations
1.4.2 Membership of associations
P. 28
GRI 2-29
Approach to stakeholder engagement
Stakeholder Engagement
P. 10
GRI 2-30
Group agreements
None
None

111
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Appendix
Material Topic Disclosure
GRI No.
Disclosure Item
Chapter
Page
GRI 3：2021 Material Topic
GRI 3-1
Procedure to determine material topics
Identification and Prioritization of Material Topics
P. 12
GRI 3-2
Material topic list
Identification and Prioritization of Material Topics
P. 12
GRI No.
Disclosure Item
Chapter
Page
Economic Performance
GRI 3-3
Material topic management
Chapter 1 About us
P. 18
GRI 201-1
Direct economic value generated and distributed by the organization
1.3 Economic Performance
P. 27
GRI 201-4 
Financial assistance received from government
5.3.1 Diversified Training Channels
P. 89
Local Community Engagement
GRI 3-3
Material topic management
Chapter 5 Social Inclusion
P. 78
GRI 203-1
Infrastructure investments and services supported
5.5 Social Care and Welfare
P. 106
Procurement Practices & Management
GRI 3-3
Material topic management
Chapter 3 Supply Chain Management
P. 48
GRI 204-1
Proportion of spending on local suppliers
3.2 Sustainable Procurement
P. 51
GRI 308-1 
New suppliers that were screened using environmental criteria
3.3 Suppliers Assessment of Risks
P. 52
GRI 414-1 
New suppliers that were screened using social criteria
3.3 Suppliers Assessment of Risks
P. 52

112
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Appendix
GRI No.
Disclosure Item
Chapter
Page
Energy and GHG Management
GRI 3-3
Material topic management
Chapter 4 Environmental Protection
P. 58
GRI 302-1
Energy consumption outside of the organization
Energy Management
P. 65
GRI 302-3
Energy intensity
Energy Management
P. 65
GRI 302-4
Reduction of energy consumption
Energy Conservation and Carbon Reduction
P. 67
GRI 305-1
Direct GHG emission (category 1)
GHG Emissions
P. 66
GRI 305-2
Indirect GHG emission from energy (category 2)
4.3 GHG Emissions
P. 66
GRI 305-3
Indirect GHG emission from others (category 2)
4.3 GHG Emissions
P. 66
GRI 305-4
GHG emissions intensity
4.3 GHG Emissions
P. 66
GRI 305-5
Reduction of GHG emissions
Energy Conservation and Carbon Reduction
P. 67
Climate Change Adaptation
GRI 3-3
Material topic management Material topic management
Chapter 4 Environmental Protection
P. 57
GRI 201-2 
Financial implications and other risks and opportunities due to climate change
4.1Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD)
P. 59
Talent Attraction and Recruitment
GRI 3-3
Material topic management
Chapter 5 Social Inclusion
P. 76
GRI 401-1
New and Departed Employees
5.1.2 Turnover
P. 81
GRI 404-1
Average hours of training per year per employee by gender, and by employee category
5.3.1 Diversified Training Channels
P. 89
GRI 404-2
Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance programs
5.3.1  Diversified Training Channels
P. 89
GRI 404-3
Percentage of employees receiving regular performance and career development reviews, by 
gender and by employee category
5.3.2 Performance and Career Development
P. 91

113
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Appendix
GRI No.
Disclosure Item
Chapter
Page
Remuneration and Welfare
GRI 3-3
Material topic management
Chapter 5 Social Inclusion
P. 75
GRI 201-3 
Defined benefit plan obligations and other retirement plans
5.2.3 Welfare Measures
P. 87
GRI 202-1
Ratios of standard entry level wage by gender compared to local minimum wage
5.2.2 Remuneration
P. 86
GRI 401-2 
Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided to temporary or part-time 
employees
5.2.3 Welfare Measures
P. 87
GRI 401-3 
Parental leave
Unpaid Parental Leave
P. 82
Information security
GRI 3-3
Material l topic management
Chapter 2 Corporate Governance
P. 29
GRI 418-1
Number of substantiated complaints regarding breaches of customer privacy and losses of 
customer data
2.7 Information security & Personal Information Risk
P. 45
3.5 Customer Service
P. 55

114
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Appendix
Non-Material Topic Disclosure
GRI No.
Disclosure Item
Chapter
Page
GRI 303: Water 2018
GRI 303-1
Interactions with water as a shared resource
4.5 Water Resource Management
P. 69
GRI 303-2
Management of water discharge-related impacts
4.5 Water Resource Management
P. 69
GRI 303-3
Water withdrawal
4.5 Water Resource Management
P. 70
GRI 303-4
Water discharge
4.5 Water Resource Management
P. 70
GRI 303-5
Water consumption
4.5 Water Resource Management
P. 70
GRI 306: Waste 2020
GRI 306-1
Waste generation and significant waste-related impacts
4.6 Waste Disposal
P. 72
GRI 306-2
Management of significant waste-related impacts
4.6 Waste Disposal
P. 72
GRI 306-3
Waste generated
4.6 Waste Disposal
P. 74
GRI 306-4
Waste diverted from disposal
4.6 Waste Disposal
P. 74
GRI 306-5
Waste directed to disposal
4.6 Waste Disposal
P. 74
GRI 403: Occupational Safety and Health 2018
GRI 403-1
Occupational Safety and Health management system
5.4.1 Occupational Safety and Health Management System
P. 92
GRI 403-2
Hazard identification, risk assessment, and incident investigation
5.4.2 Risk Control of Occupational Safety Hazards
P. 97
GRI 403-3
Occupational health services
5.4.3 Workplace Health Services
P. 104
GRI 403-4
Worker participation, consultation, and communication on occupational health and safety
OSH Committee
P. 94
GRI 403-5
Worker training on occupational health and safety
OSH Education and Training
P. 95
GRI 403-6
Promotion of worker health
5.4.3 Workplace Health Services
P. 104
GRI 403-7
Prevention and mitigation of occupational health and safety impacts directly linked by busi-
ness relationships
5.4.2 Risk Control of Occupational Safety Hazards
P. 97
GRI 403-8
Workers covered by an occupational safety and health management system
5.4.1 Occupational Safety and Health Management System
P. 92
GRI 403-9
Work-related injuries
Statistics and Analysis of Occupational Injury Accidents
P. ㄢ

115
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Appendix
Index table of GRI
SASB Code
Indicator Description
Disclosure Chapter
Page
Product Safety
TC-HW-230a.1
Methods for identifying and resolving product data security risks
Not applicable
Employee Diversity and Inclusion
TC-HW-330a.1
Percentage of (1) managerial staff, (2) technical staff, and (3) all other employees based on gender and racial demographics
Diversified employment opportunities
80
Product Lifecycle Management
TC-HW-410a.1
Percentage of revenue derived from products that comply with the IEC 62474 material declaration standard
Not applicable
TC-HW-410a.2
Percentage of qualified products that meet EPEAT registration requirements or equivalent criteria (calculated based on 
revenue)
Not applicable
TC-HW-430a.3
Percentage of qualified products that comply with ENERGYSTAR® standards (calculated based on revenue)
Not applicable
TC-HW-430a.4
Weight and percentage of recycled discarded products and electronic waste
Not applicable
Supply Chain Management
TC-HW-430a.1
Percentage of (a) all factories and (b) high-risk factories that have undergone the RBA-Validated Audit Process (VAP) or 
equivalent verification
Supplier Risk Assessment
52
TC-HW-430a.2
Non-conformance rate of first-tier suppliers (1) to the RBA-Validated Audit Process (VAP) or equivalent, and (2) ratio of (a) 
priority non-conformances and (b) other non-conformances with related corrective actions
Supplier Risk Assessment
52
Material Procurement
TC-HW-440a.1
Description of risk management related to the use of key materials
Introduction of conflict mineral policy
52
Activity Indicator
Disclosure Standards
Unit
Disclosure statement
TC-SC-000.A
Production output by product category
Quantity
Total production volume in 2022 is 306,093 slabs
TC-SC-000.B
Factory area
Square feet (ft2)
1,038,163
TC-SC-000.C
Percentage of production from facilities (self-manufacturing rate)
Percentage(%)
The production volume all originated from TS2 factory with a self-made rate is 100%

116
2022 ESG Report HannsTouch Solution Inc.    Appendix
Sustainability Disclosure Indicators - Optoelectronic Industry
No.
Standards
Type
Annual disclosure
Unit
1
Total energy consumption, percentage of purchased electricity and utilization rate of 
renewable energy
Quantitative
See details: Energy Management
Gigajoule (GJ), percentage (%)
2
Total Water Intake and Total Water Consumption
Quantitative
See details: Water Resource Management
Thousand cubic meters (m³)
3
The weight and recycling percentage of hazardous waste generated
Quantitative
See details: Waste Disposal
Metric tons (t), percentage (%)
4
Details of the type, number and rate of occupational accidents
Quantitative
See details: Statistics and Analysis of Occupation-
al Injury Accidents
Ratio (%), Quantity
5
Disclosure of product life cycle management: including the weight of end-of-life prod-
ucts and e-waste and the percentage of recycling
Quantitative
Not applicable
Metric tons (t), percentage (%)
6
A description of the risk management associated with the use of critical materials
Qualitative 
description
See details: Conflict-Free Minerals Policy
Not applicable
7
Total pecuniary damages resulting from legal proceedings related to anti-competitive 
conduct regulations
Quantitative
None
Report currency
8
Product category analysis is a process of evaluating product categories
Quantitative
Total production volume in 2022 is 306,093 slabs
Varies by product type
