YEONGGUAN GROUP

027

2022 Sustainability Report


Contents

Message from the Management

Editorial Guidelines

Sustainable Performance

1. Stakeholders Engagement

11
1.2

Sustainable Development Committee

Identify Stakeholders

Communication Channels and Issues

1.3. Stconcem
1.4. Identify Major Topics
1.5. Sustainable Development Goals
2. About YGG
2.1. Company Profile
2.2. Business Philosophy
Awards and Management System
2.3 ver Years
2.4 Participation in External Organizations

3. Honest Governance

3.1

3.2
3.3
3.4
3.5
3.6

Governance Practices
3.1.1 Board of Directors
3.1.2. Functional Committees
3.1.3. Internal Audit

3.1.4 Ethical Credibility

Risk Mana
Legal Compliance
Operational Performance
Customer Relations

Information Security

01

03

05

08
10
11
13
17

20
25
26
28

29

30
31
32
34
35
36
40
4
43
47

4l

. Sustainable Environment

Energy Management

4.1.1. Energy Use

4.1.2 Energy Management Strategy
4.1.3 Energy intensity

4.1.4 Energy Conservation Measures

4.1.5 GHG Emissions

4.2 Waste Management
4.3 Sustainable Supply Chain
. Social Care

5.2

5.3

5.4

5.1.1 Human Rights Protection

5.1.2 Employee Statistics

Let Right People Do Right Things

5.2.1 Compensation and Benefits
5.2.2 HR Development

5.2.3. Labor-Management Communication

Occupational Safety and Health

5.3,1 Occupational Safety and Health

Management
Employee Health Management and
5.3.2. Health Promotion
Measures against Occupational Safety
5.3.3. and Heaith Impacts

Public Welfare Participation

Appendix 1. GRI Content Index

51

66

67
68
72
72
72
76
78
79
80
81

83

85


ia

YEONGGUAN GROUP

C hessage from the Management

Looking back on the global macroeconomic situation in 2022, in the post-epidemic era, the world's
major economies are showing completely different development trends. The U.S. is trapped in high infla-
tion and has begun the most aggressive hike of interest rate in history. Europe is facing a war between
Russia and Ukraine, which shows no sign of ending in the short term. Most Asian countries have also shift-
ed from strict Zero-COVID to comprehensive unblocking, and their economy has not rebounded signifi-
cantly. Among them, China is the most representative. Fortunately, after the Russo-Ukrainian war, the
world's developed economies have increasingly clearly regarded energy independence as an important
national strategy. Therefore, there has been a large demand for wind power-related industries, and
governments of various countries have also increased their investment in wind energy through related
industrial subsidy policies. Investment and construction, in turn, led YEONGGUAN to successfully achieve
its highest shipment volume and second-highest revenue since its IPO.

YEONG GUAN Energy Technology Group Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as YGG) is a major castings man-
ufacturer, which has strategic cooperation with global major wind turbines, injection molding machines,
machine tools, and other industrial machinery equipment manufacturers to provide them with various
important Key components. The Company's core competitiveness lies in its industry-leading production
scale, meticulous casting process, and strong vertical integration capabilities. YGG is highly valued, trust-
ed by its customers,and is committed to pursuing growth in revenue and profitability superior to its
peers.

As the worldwide leading manufacturer of heavy castings, YGG is always thinking about how to survive
sustainably in today's extremely competitive environment. YGG is convinced that a company, while
pursuing performance, must also consider its social responsibilities, and develop sustainably and steadi-
ly only by investment and management in 3 major directions of Environment, Society and Governance.
In environmental management, YGG is ahead of its peers, taking the lead in adopting carbon footprint
calculations, controlling carbon emissions in the entire production process and using the heat energy
recovery system to recover waste heat from electric furnaces and use the recovered waste heat for office
heating and hot water for the showers. In addition, all production facilities have adopted Electromechan-
ical systems that reach the latest energy consumption standards to improve power consumption
efficiency, and funds have been invested to control dust and noise levels to minimize pollution and their
effects on the environment and workers.

In CSR, in addition to continued creation of more outstanding performance to meet the expectations of
shareholders and investors, and providing high-quality products to serve customers, YGG is also
convinced that employees are the Company's most valuable assets and are important to the Company's
development. Therefore, employee priority has always been an important policy of the Company.
Continuous education and training for employees, internal training, external courses, and workplace
rotations, as well as multiple regular assessments/rewards are all integral for our management when
setting annual goals. In addition, YGG also launches regular campaigns of "mutual supervision and
mutual learning" every year, selecting one (or more) subsidiary within the Group, allowing employees
from different regions, different cities and different workplaces to visit them and learn from each

other’ s strengths; in addition, visitors can also use their different experiences to supervise, review and
learn from each other, thereby promoting overall growth and continuous improvement to meet the
rapidly changing market need.

Furthermore, the Company also holds various activities (sports games, consensus camps, garden parties,
group recreation activities, etc.) from time to time in each facility, inviting families of employees to partic-
ipate, so that employees can balance their family life and mental health in addition to work. Externally,
YGG is also convinced that industry-university cooperation can help promote technological innovation
and upgrade as well as cooperation with specialized institutions, inviting experts and professors from
universities to share the latest developments and trends in the industry, and have a good understanding
of industrial needs and trends in our practical work; and bringing fresh ideas and talent reserves to us.

On Corporate Governance: YGG is committed to improving capabilities and effectiveness, and establish-
ing a transparent, responsible, and effective governance structure. In this regard, YGG specially appoint-
ed a corporate governance manager, an IR/PR Department, and announce important information and
financial disclosure through our website; in 2022, increased the number of independent directors from 3
to 4 and maintained the number of female directors to ensure that members to the Board of Directors
have diversified professional backgrounds and experiences and improve the quality of their
decision-making.

YGG believes that in addition to pursuing profits and growth, enterprises shall also adhere to the best
practices in environmental, social and corporate governance, so as to win the trust and support of inves-
tors, customers and all employees, improve competitiveness and explore new market opportunities.
These efforts will bring sustainable growth and long-term benefits to enterprises and bring a more sound
and positive impact to social development

Chairperson

Chang, Hsien-Min

Corin 6 oa

In order to pursue sustainable corporate operations and improve information transparency, YGG issued
the 2022 Sustainability Report (hereinafter referred to as this Report). Through the issuance of this
Report, we explain to stakeholders that under the goal of sustainability, YGG will continue to take mea-
sures in building honest governance, environmental protection and occupational safety, and improving
employee compensation and benefits; YGG expects stakeholders to pay constant attention to us and give
valuable suggestions, so that we can make great progress on the road to sustainability.

In this Report, YEONGGUAN Energy Technology Group Co., Ltd. is referred to as "YEONGGUAN Energy, the
Company and We (Us)". Other abbreviations or definitions of key words used herein will be noted in the
content of the same page.

The content of this Report covers global operating systems and activities of YEONGGUAN Energy from
January 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022, including the operating performance of relevant companies at
home and abroad under the Group. The above is the scope and subject boundary of the Report.

Abbreviation Full Name Address

Region

Scope of Business

No.$02, Sec. 1,Chenggong Rd, Guanyin Dist.,

Taiwan

‘Yeng Chen Asia Pacific Co., Ltd.

Taoyuan City 328, Taiwan

Casting

Jiangsu Bright Steel Fine
Machinery Co,, Ltd.

Dong Guan Yeong Guan Mould
Factory Co,, Ltd

No.9 Yue-Peng Rd, Tian Mu Hu Industry Zone,
Liyang City Jiangsu Province, PRC

Yinquan Industrial District, Qingxi Town,
Dongguan City, Guangdong Province, PRC

Casting, machining, painting
and welding

Casting

Chinese
mainland

No. 28, Dinghai Road,
Zhenhai Economic Development Zone,
Ningbo City, Zhejiang Province, PRC

Ningbo Lulin Machinery Casting Co.,Ltd Casting

No. 95 Huanghai Rd, Beilun District,
Ningbo City, Zhejiang Province, PRC

Casting, machining, painting

Ningbo Yongxiang Foundry Co, Ltd and assembling

No. 999 Laixiu Rd, FOHO New & Hi-Tech
industrial Development Zone,
Suzhou City, Jiangsu Province, PRC

Shanghai No. 1 Machine Tool

Foundry (Suzhou) Co., Ltd Casting

This Report covers the global operating systems and activities of YEONGGUAN Energy from January 1,
2022 to December 31, 2022, including the operating performance of related companies under the Group
at home and abroad. The above are the scope and subject boundaries of the Report.

Basis for Compilation and Information Assurance Method

This Report is written on the basis of the 2021 Edition of Sustainability Reporting Standards (GRI Stan-
dards 2021) issued by the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) and in compliance with the “Rules Governing
the Preparation and Filing of Sustainability Reports by Listed Companies” and attached with the GRI
content index and sustainability information disclosure form of YGG for the reference of stakeholders.

The financial data disclosed in this Report have been verified by Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu International
in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and expressed in New Taiwan
Dollars; data on environmental protection, employees and occupational safety are self-collected by each
responsible department, confirmed by their departmental heads and presented in the form of interna-
tional common index calculation.

1s09001:2015

-c'torial Guidelines

1s014001:2015

1S050001:2018

Corporate Environmental
Credit Evaluation

Information security system

‘ABS-American Bureau of
Shipping

BV-Bureau Veritas

Det Norske Veritas

CCS-China Classification
Society

2014/68/EU Quality System
Certification

1$045001:2018

Safe manufacturing
standardization

Level 3 Level 3 Level 3 Level3 Level 2

YGA: Yeng Chen Asia Pacific Co., Ltd. YGB: Jiangsu Bright Steel Fine Machinery Co., Ltd. YGD: Dongguan
Yeong Guan Mould Factory Co., Ltd. YGL: Ningbo Lulin Machinery Casting Co., Ltd. YGS: Ningbo Yongx-
iang Machinery Casting Co., Ltd. YGW: Shanghai No. 1 Machine Tool Foundry (Suzhou) Co., Ltd.

The terms vary depending on the place of operation. It is called "management system” in Taiwan and overseas.

Reporting Period and Frequency

This is the second ESG report voluntarily released by YGG. In the future, YGG will release a report every
year. In order to improve the transparency and accessibility of information disclosed in the Report, the
electronic file of the complete report can be found and downloaded at the official website of YGG.

Report disclosure period: January to December 2022.
Some information, if crossing different years, will be
noted separately in the Report.

Report publication frequency: once a year
Publication date of this Report: August 2023

Next report publication date: June 2024


Sustainable Performance

Governance/|
Economy

Sustainable Actions in 2022

© Consolidated revenue amounted to NT$9.384 billion.

@ Ranked between 66% and 80% of listed companies group in the 9th Corporate Governance Assess ment.

@ Ranked from 41% to 60% of companies with the market value of NT$ =5 billion to 10 billion in Corporate
Governance Assessment.

© In July 2022, the Group won the honorary titles of "The Fourth Top 100 Comprehensive Enterprises in
China's Foundry Industry" and "The Fourth Top Enterprises in China's Foundry Industry" respectively.

® Shanghai No. 1 Machine Tool Foundry (Suzhou) Co., Ltd. won the "2021 Suzhou Quality Award” in February
2022.

® The customer satisfaction survey scored 89.

© Directors took professional courses for a total of 87 hours; corporate governance supervisors took 14 hours
of courses.

© No reports of personnel breach of good faith; no records of violations of corporate governance laws and
regulations; no major deficiencies in internal control.

© No major information security incident occurred that caused the Company's operation to be interrupted;
no personal data incident occurred.

© Maintained the effective operation of |S014001:2015 environmental management system.

© Formulated a management system for energy efficiency and use and acredited with 18050001 energy
management system.

© No supply chain disruption caused by suppliers’ major violations of laws and regulations related to CSR
related to environment, human rights and occupational safety.

® Jiangsu Bright Steel Fine Machinery Co., Ltd. won the title of "China Green Foundry Enterprise" in Septem-
ber 2022 once again.

© Some factories are planning to install solar power generation facilities, of which, the solar power genera-
tion facility in Shanghai No. 1 Machine Tool Foundry has been put into operation in 2022, and others are
planning one after another.

© Actively participated in voluntary GHG reduction.

Social

® Maintain ISO 45001 OHSMS.

@ In order to protect employees’ employment rights and interests, all employees have signed non-fixed-term
employment contracts and are full-time workers.

© The proportion of female employees reached 14%; the proportion of female officers reached 17%.

© More than 80% of employees aged under 50.

© The employee retention rate after childcare leave and reinstatement reached 100%.

® The average number of training hours per employee reached 30.74. Note: including direct and indirect
labors

© No record of violation of labor legislation

© No record of labor dispute.


CHAPTER

Stakeholders Engagement

1.1 Sustainable Development Committee
1.2 Identify Stakeholders
1.3. Communication Channels and Issues of Concern

1.4 Identify Major Topics

1.5 Sustainable Development Goals

YEONGGUAN GROUP

MXWX%™O 4 MSO2%o%%o%o%oO%d%>%°ONOONYMYYOON YONA


Stakeholder Engagement

1

Understand the
organizational context

Sustainability-related GRI

Refer to th

Standards 2021 for the Industry, review
the on's operating activities,
business relationships and issues of
concern to stakeholders, and ascertain
the overall profile of th nization

and related impacts in the process

3)

Assess the significance
of the impact

Analyze sustainability-related issues of
concern through scores in "stakeholder
impact" and "economic, environmental
and social impact" of the internal and
external stakeholder sustainability
questionnaire

a

Identify actual and
potential impacts

Conduct internal meeting discussions and issues of
concern to stakeholders, identify a nd pote
impacts on the economy, environment and peo

including positive and negative, short and long-term,
intentional or irreversible, and select 16 sustainability-re-
lated issues of concern based on the overall profile of the
organization and relevant impact information

&®

itize coverage of the most
significant impacts

Sort the identified issues of concern and test
their signific ased on the evaluation 0
experts; finalize 9 major topics to be disclo'
under the GRI Standards

After internal discussions, and with reference to international trends, industry issues of importance and
relevant indicators of GRI Standards, we reviewed the organization's operating activities, business
relationships and issues of concern to stakeholders, and the process to understand the overall profile of
the organization and related positive and negative impacts, and selected 16 issues of concern to identify
major topics through stakeholder questionnaires.


C axehotder Engagement

1.1 Sustainable Development Committee

The Company's Board of Directors approved the "Sustainable Development Code of Practice" and estab-
lished the "Sustainable Development Committee" to be responsible for formulation, supervision and
review of sustainable development policies, systems or related management guidelines, as an ad hoc
unit for sustainable development, and gradually integrate the concept of sustainability into the Compa-
ny's corporate culture.

In response to corporate sustainable development covering environment, society and governance (here-
inafter referred to as ESG), the Committee has established 5 groups: corporate governance group, value
and cost group, social welfare group, strategy and risk management group, and sustainable environment
group. Members include representatives from each department of the head office, factories and the like,
and the corresponding department of each group regularly identify and discuss with stakeholders of
their respective businesses, and seek their opinions on environmental protection, occupational safety,
supply chain management, labor right, operation performance and corporate governance and the like
issues of concern, and in order to respect their rights and interests, a column of stakeholder engagement
is set up on the Company's website for appropriately response to important sustainability issues that
they are concerned about. In the future, the Company is also
intended to report ESG implementation results to the Board of
Directors every year to strengthen directors’ participation in the
Company's implementation of ESG.

YEONGGUAN Code of Practice

for Sustainable Development

Sustainable Development

Committee
Secretariat
Sustainable Strategy and Risk social Welfare Corporate Value and
Environment Group Management Group Group Covernunee Group Cost Group


Stakeholder Engagement

Formulate ESG
management policies,
strategies and
structures

Step 06

Guide and review
the Company’ s
analysis of
ESG material issues

Step O07

Prepare the
Sustainability
Report

Step O02

Development
and implementation
of ESG goals

Step O05

Monitor the
Company’ s
communication with
stakeholders

Promote ESG

considerations

into decision-
making processes

Step 03

Identify ESG
risks

Step 04

Raise inquiries
on major
internal matters

Other duties

assigned by

Directors and
General Manager

-ESG working group’.s powers and responsibilities.

1. ESG working group is assigned for comprehensive coordination of ESG management under the guidance
of the Sustainable Development Committee. The leaders (conveners) of each ESG working group shall be
nominated by the Sustainable Development Committee.

2. ESG working group is composed of the head of each department of the Company (Finance Department,
Business Department, Technology Department, Supply Department, IT Division, HR Department) and the
head of each relevant units of each subsidiary, who are assigned to

Develop and enforce ‘anal Analyze ESG Perform statistical
ESG work plans and nese is major risks and make analysis of
implementation Issues control ESG-related
regulations recommendations PI/KPI data

. _ Submit . Take any other

. Retrieve ESS Assist in additional 0 compute ion 0 responsibilities

information Information — opinions to assigned by the

or policies needed for ES stakeholders ustainability

decision-making Committee


C avehotder Engagement

1.2 Identify Stakeholders

Disc! ugh
_ inter etings

and formulate
stakeholder
questionnaire

intact all stakeholi
through routine dealing:

Identify 5
categories of
key stakeholders

mrp
Qooo°o
fohn a

YGG shall comprehensively evaluate global sustainability trends and YEONGGUAN operational develop-
ment goals, and collect sustainability issues of concern to stakeholders through different communica-
tion channels. Through internal discussions and conducting relevant sustainability trend and impact
analysis and questionnaire surveys, and by reference to AA1000 Stakeholder Engagement Standard
(SES), on the five principles of dependence, level of concern, influence, responsibility and Multiple
Perspective, the communication process of stakeholders is established and five categories of key stake-
holders important to YGG are screened out, including employees, customers, suppliers/contrac-
tors/peers, investors/governmental authorities/public associations and community neighbors


Stakeholder Engagement

1.3. stakeholders Communication Channels and Issues of Concern

Due to the different identity categories of main stakeholders of YGG, issues of concern to each category
of stakeholders to YGG are also different. Each department of YGG shall take the initiative to maintain
good interaction with stakeholders through multiple channels, let stakeholders concerning YGG to
understand the Company's operating profile in a timely manner; and YGG can also understand their
demands and expectations for the Company and make response in a timely manner. The Company will
report to the Board of Directors every year on communication with key stakeholders.

Each department of YGG collected issues of concern raised by key stakeholders during routine business
dealings to be summarized by the ESG Committee. And with reference to the sustainability-related GRI
Standards 2021 and ESG reports from peers, 10 sustainability-related issues were summarized, covering
economic, environmental and social aspects to ensure that the sustainability information disclosed by

YGG meet the integrity and diversity required by GRI Standards.

Key

stakeholders

Importance to the
Company

Issues of
concern

Communication
channels/frequency

Employees

&
Gy

Employees are the indispensable
foundation for the Company's
operations. The Company is
committed to providing a
workplace environment healthy
and diverse for employees, so that
employees can work without
worries,

1.Occupational Safety
2.Compensation and
Benefits

3.HR Development
4.Ethical credibility

Corporate Sustainability Questionnaire/Annually
Official website stakeholder column/real-time
Labor-management meeting/quarterly

Internal communication mailbox/real-time

EHS meetings/periodically

Internal publications/periodically

Taiwan: employee benefit Committee; Chinese
mainland: Trade Union/periodically

Internal communication/on a irregular basis

Factory safety care and promotion/on a irregular basis
Factory labor safety education and training/periodical-
y

Meeting of Each department in the factory/weekly
Factory affairs meeting/periodically

Factory doctor health consultation (Taiwan)/quarterly
Factory maintenance/monthly

Customers

kia

Customers are the main source of
the Company's revenue. The
Company regarded —_ product
quality, safety and after-sales
service as her highest commitment
to customers. Maintaining high
customer satisfaction with the
Company will help us continue to.
strive for customer recognition.

1.Customer relations
2.O0perating
performance
3,Sustainable
chain
4.Ethical credibility
5.Energy management
6.0ccupational Safety

supply

Corporate Sustainability Questionnaire/Annually
Official website stakeholder column/real-time
Customer meetings/on a irregular basis

Customer satisfaction survey/annually (semiannually)
Direct communication/real-time

External communication mailbox/real-time

Suppliers/
contractors/
peers

joe)

Industrial peers have a relationship of
both competition and cooperation with
us. Through healthy competition, we
can jointly promote overall industrial
development,

Suppliers are important partners of the
Company and we have maintained
longterm positive interactions with
them. Our products and services rely on
many suppliers who are steadily
providing raw materials and
components. In addition, we employ
our influence in the industry to work
with our supplier partners to avoid
environmental pollution and violation
of labor right, and through close
cooperation, we jointly pursue
sustainable corporate business
operation and growth.

L.Occupational Safety
2.Waste management
3Sustainable supply
chain

4Ethical credibility
Operating performance

Corporate Sustainability Questionnaire/Annually
Symposium/Education and Training/on a irregular
basis

Supplier Evaluation Questionnaire/periodically
Official website stakeholder column/real-time

External communication mailbox/real-time

Direct communication/real-time

Phone, messaging software/real-time

Public association meetings/on a irregular basis


Key

stakeholders

Investors/
government
agencies/
public associations

280

ren

Importance to
the Company

Investors/government agencies/public
asociations Investors and shareholders
are the Company's most important
operational supporters. The Company
should protect the rights and inter
of shareholders and treat all sharehold-

ers equally in sharing operating res:
and related information.
Government agencies are
commissioned to supervise and check
the Company's compliance with laws
and regulations. The Company can
conduct two-way information exchang-
es with the government to gain
governmental trust, support and
cooperation and promote our
corporate survival and development.

Issues of
concern

Lethical credibility
2.0perating
performance

3.Waste management
4.Sustainable supply
chain

5.Energy management
6.HR Development

Stakeholder Engagement

Communication
channels/frequency

Corporate Sustainability Questionnaire/Annually
Official website stakeholder column/real-time
External communication mailbox/real-time
Public association meetings/on a irregular basis
Direct communication/real-time

Community
neighborhood

For starting a business and
establishing a factory locally, local
communities are partners of the
enterprise and an important force
for our development in the
locality. Through community
participation and care, we can
better understand the issues of
concem to local communities and
establish a harmonious relation-
ship with them,

1.Public Welfare
Participation
2.Waste management

Corporate Sustainability Questionnaire/Annually
Official website stakeholder column/real-time
External communication mailbox/real-time
Community visit/real-time

Direct communication/real-time


C akehotder Engagement

1.4 Identify Major Topics

Sustainability Questionnaire on Questionnaire Identify Major

issues concern on impact Topics

P Aspect TO sustainabilityissues

Sustainable supply chain, water resources management, waste management,

Environment green products/services

Compensation and Benefits, labor-management communication, occupational safety, HR development,

Social human rights protection, product responsibility/product safety and participation in public welfare

Operational performance, ethical credibility, innovative R&D, customer relations,

Economic information/personal data security

Corporate governance, risk management, and participation in public welfare fall within the scope of required disclo-
sures of the 2021 Version of GRI Sustainability Reporting Standards (GRI Standards: 2021). Therefore, although itis not
listed as a Major Topic this year, this Report wil still disclose relevant content.

The ESG Committee of YGG formulated 16 sustainability issues and distributed online questionnaires
to key stakeholders to fill in; collected a total of 169 valid questionnaires, including 56 from employ-
ees, 10 from customers/consumers, 20 from suppliers/contractors/peers, 49 from government agen-
cies/investors/public associations and 34 from local communities, and got the scores on key stake-
holders’ concern of each sustainability issue; then distributed online questionnaires to 16 executive
officers (associate level and above) to fill in the score of the impact of each sustainability issue on YGG;
and then obtained a major topic matrix by consolidating such internal and external scores. Later on,
through discussion with ESG Committee, sustainability issues with top three scores in environmental,
social and economic aspects were included in the major topics of the current year, as a result, it was
confirmed that YGG should give priority to disclosure of 9 major topics in environmental, social and
economic aspects in the current year, namely, customer relationship, occupational safety and health,
compensation and benefit, HR development, waste management, operational performance, sustain-
able supply chain, ethical integrity and energy management. Such 9 major topics identified in the
year have the nature of both risks and opportunities for the Company facing an increasingly challeng-
ing business environment, especially when pursuing operational performance and giving back to
shareholders and customers’ trust, it should not sacrifice the quality of local living environment and
the health and well-being of employees; and any illegal event, if happened accidentally, would
seriously damage the goodwill that the Company managed to build; on the contrary, the Company, if
being able to turn risks into opportunities and balance economic performance, sustainable environ-
ment and social prosperity, will continue to thrive and move toward sustainability.

YGG will explain management policies and related disclosures of each Major Topic in this Report. And
in order to take into account the balance of information in the sustainability report, YGG will supple-
ment the disclosure of the result of its involvement in public welfare.

The internal meeting decided to list "energy management” as a customized major topic for disclosure


sJap}oyayeys uo edu]

4.60

4.40

4.20

4.00

3.80

3.60

3.40

3.20

Stakeholder Engagement

Major Topic Matrix

a —— ee

3.10 Impact on the Company| 4.40

[esc Major Topics (positive/negative impact)

Environment Sustainable supply chain, waste management, energy management
Social Compensation and Benefits, HR development and occupational safety and health
Economic Operational performance, ethical credibility and customer relations

The internal meeting decided to list "energy management" as a customized major topic for disclosure.


C akehotder Engagement

YGG summarized 3 main ESG missions of the year based on 9 major topics, which are to improve oper-
ational performance, create greater profits, strengthen information security and keep trade secrets;
internally create a happy workplace making employees healthy and safe, and externally establish a
long-term and stable trusting relationship with customers; invite supplier partners to work together
to save energy and reduce carbon, and exercise each environmental management and control to
avoid excessive impact on the environment.

F asec | morro ae
9 7

Sustainable supply

chain
Environment Energy management 13 9
Waste management 3
Compensation and - 8
Benefits
Social Occupational Safety 1 2
HR Development
4 6
Operating 2 a
performance
Economic —_ Ethical credibility e 5
Customer relations:
8 1

The internal meeting decided to list "energy management" as
a customized major topic for disclosure

Compilation Principles - Principles of Reporting

Complete
ESG reporting

balance

Accuracy Clarity
comparability

Integrity
sustainability

Timeliness
verifiability
context

YGG complied the ESG report in compliance with the reporting principles of the GRI Standards;
according to the principle of sustainability context: how the Company took corresponding measures
to make improvement or reduce negative impacts on the actual economic, environmental and social
conditions of local and surrounding regions of business operation was transparently disclosed;
according to the principle of integrity: information disclosed in the report should fully reflect the
Company's significant impact on the economy, environment and society; according to the principle
of accuracy: information disclosed in the report should be accurate and detailed sufficiently for stake-
holders to evaluate the Company's ESG performance; according to the principle of balance: informa-
tion disclosed in the report should fairly reflect the positive and negative performance, allowing
stakeholders to make a reasonable assessment on YGG's ESG performance; according to the princi-
ple of clarity: the way the report presented any information can allow stakeholders to easy under-
stand and access; according to the principle of comparability: the report disclosed ESG information
under commonly used international standards, and the way of information disclosure allowed stake-
holders to analyze the Company's long-term performance; according to the principle of timeliness:
the Company regularly issued the ESG report to provide important ESG information in a timely
manner for stakeholders to make correct decisions; according to the principle of verifiability: the
Company compiled the ESG report in a way that can be reviewed by internal and external personnel
to keep the information disclosed true and authentic.


Ranking of major

Customer relations

Market competition is to contend for customers.
Attracting and winning new customers,
maintaining and retaining old customers are the
mission of enterprise survival and development.
Any enterprise, if desirous to maintain its
advantage in the fierce market competition,
must actively cultivate and establish customer
relationships, consolidate and develop customer
relationships, so that the enterprise can truly
gain a competitive advantage.

Internal boundary

external boundary

company

UIE CUTEST

GRI Standards 2021

General Disclosure/
Subject Standard

Social
(416-1, 416-2 and 418-1)

Stakeholder Engagement

Chapters
disclosed
in the report

38
Customer
Relations

Occupational safety
ang health

YGG provided employees with a healthy and safe
workplace environment, allowing them to work
with peace of mind, reduce risk costs and
increase productivity

Social
(403-1-403-10)

5.30¢
cupational
safety and health

Compensation
and Benefits

Raising employee compensation and benefits
can strengthen their sense of identity with the
Company, improve work efficiency, and increase
both corporate revenue and their personal
wealth

Social
(401-1, 401-2 and 401-3)
(405-1 and 405-2)

5.21
Compensation
and Benefits

HR Development

Providing employees with relevant training
opportunities can increase their professional
performance, so that their functions and
corporate operation performance can continue
to grow together.

Social
(606-1-404-3)

522
HR Development

Waste management

Waste generated in the production process is a
major factor causing environmental impact. YGG
focused on reducing the environmental impact
caused by waste in the spirit of sustainable
development and regulatory compliance and as
required by stakeholders,

Environment
(306-1~306-5)

42
Waste

Operating
performance

Operational performance is an important
indicator of enterprise operation management,
which is available for evaluating the operating
status and efficiency of the enterprise based on
performance, help the enterprise determine the
development direction and make decisions, and
can also be used to monitor the cost’ and
efficiency of the enterprise and help the
enterprise control cost, maximize efficiency and
discover areas to be optimized and improved so
as to promote longterm and stable
development of the enterprise. In addition,
operational performance can also be used to
evaluate employees’ work performance and
contribution, thereby motivating them and
improving their work performance and job
satisfaction. Therefore, operational performance
has an important impact on the management,
development and competitiveness of the
enterprise.

Economic
(201-1-201-4)

34
Operational
performance

Sustainable
supply chain

By managing and improving the environmental,
social and economic benefits of the entire supply
chain, the Company can conserve resources,
optimize processes, innovate products, save
cost, improve efficiency and enhance corporate
value

Social and economic
aspects
(308&414-1, 414-2)

43

Supply
chain management

Ethical
credibility

holding fast to the business philosophy based on
ood faith is the comerstone of the sustainable
development of GG.

Economic
(205-1-205-3)

3.1.4 Ethical
credibility

Energy
management

YGG's operations continued to grow. In order to
avoid a proportional increase in total GHG
‘emissions, strict energy conservation and carbon
reduction measures must be taken internally to
meet the customer's demand,

The Company's
customized topic
of environment
(302-1~302-5)

4.1 Energy
management


Stakeholder Engagement

1.5 sustainable Development Goals

The United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) is a plan released by the United Nations in
2015, proposing 17 sustainable development goals and 169 specific goals as a guide for member states
and global enterprises to practice sustainability before 2030.

YGG has integrated the sustainable development goals into the Company's business strategy, expanded
the Company's previous thinking model focusing on economic performance to take into account
environmental protection and other regulatory compliance, improve employee benefits to retain
outstanding talented people, eliminate all unequal conditions in the workplace, mitigate discharge of
wastewater and emission of GHG, and invite suppliers to work together in environment improvement
and workplace benefit promotion. Looking ahead, YGG can continue to make more contributions to
sustainable development goals and fulfill its own CSR.

Correspon
Vise" SRegyEnEe Ch ers/Sec ions

1. The Company's warmth was delivered to the hands of 35
underprivileged students with excellent academic perfor-

mance frorn primary and secondary schools, through a 5.4
centralized condolence launched Public Welfare
2. Third Generation Endowment Fund for Students from Special Participation

Families donated RMB 60,000 as scholarships, which encour-
aged and blessed 8 students who received the donation.

1. Annual health checkup 5.4.2

2. Special annual health checkup. Employee Health

3. Follow up and assist those with concerns in health check-up. Management and Health
4. Health promotion activities planned every year. Promotion

1. Direct and indirect employees with different business
attributes were arranged to receive functional training for a
total of 70,230 hours, with an average of 30.74 hours per
person, to ensure that each employee have vocational
training opportunities.

2. Mutual supervision and mutual learning: subsidiaries within 5.2.2
the Group allow employees from different regions, different HR Development
cities and different workplaces to visit and learn from the
strengths of each subsidiary

3. Plan courses for sustainable development, workplace gender
equality and labor rights, and encourage employees to partic-
ipate.

1, Gender should not be used as a factor in employee appoint-
ment, evaluation and promotion

2. Both men and women are entitled to application for childcare 5.2.1
leave. Compensation

3. Both men and women are entitled to pay check and paid and Benefits
leave in accordance with the Payroll Management Measures.


Stakeholder Engagement

Correspond
Chapters/Sections

YGG’ s Response

1. Solar photovoltaic construction plan is intended to add solar
power generation installation.

2. An 1SO50001 energy management system is established for
effective energy management and to achieve goals of energy
conservation, carbon reduction and continuous improve-
ment.

4.1 Energy
Management

1. Gender should not be used as a factor in employee appoint-
ment, evaluation and promotion,

2. Appropriately adjust employee salaries based on the Compa 51 Human Rights

: Protection
ny's profitability to increase their cohesiveness to the Compa- 5.3 Occupational
ny. Safety and Health

3. Respect labor rights, including prohibiting child labor and any 3.3 Legal
form of workplace discrimination. Compliance

4, Implement ISO45001 OSHMS to effectively improve employee
workplace safety,

1. The Company's recruitment, evaluation and promotion 5.1 Human Rights
mechanisms do not take employees’ physical or psychologi- Protection .
cal differences as criteria for consideration 5.2.1 Compensation

2. Foreign employees are entitled to the same benefits and Benetits

3. Diverse and inclusive environment compliance

1. Reduce the generation of general industrial waste; replace
hazardous chemicals in the manufacturing process and
enhance employees' environmental awareness.
2. 100% of general solid waste recycled by outsourced co-treat- 4.2 Waste
ment plants for comprehensive utilization
3. 100% of hazardous waste disposed of by companies qualified
for recycling.

1 BRR AK SR
ee ee

1. 1.Ascertain the risks and impacts of factors such as corporate
governance, development of sustainable environment and
safeguard of social welfare on the Company's operations and 3. Honest
financial status. Governance
2. Through communication with stakeholders, understand their
demands and expectations for the Company, and report to
the Board of Directors on a regular basis.


CHAPTER

About YGG

2.1. Company Profile
2.2 Business Philosophy
2.3 Awards and Management System over Years

2.4 Participation in External Organizations

YEONGGUAN GROUP

OXCOWOWOMMOOOOXNXiXKNOMMMOOO M6 MYOYY6W8N8NMOMOO A


ABOUT YGG

2.1 Company Profile

The primary business of YGG is the manufacturing and sale of nodular graphite and gray cast iron or the
like casting product, covering wind turbine hubs and bases, gearbox parts, thermal power generation
exhaust casing, injection molding machine (die casting machine) parts, machine tools and other industri-
al machinery (air compressors, printing presses, punch presses, ship machinery and so on). The company
has an annual casting production capacity of nearly 240,000 tons, and is committed to providing custom-
ers with one-stop purchasing services for vertical and horizontal integration, providing customers with
casting, processing, spraying and assembly services.

For the important history of YGG, please refer to the 2022 Annual Report to General Meeting/II. Company Profile/2.
Company History.

Company Name YEONGGUAN Energy Technology Group Co., Ltd.

Industry Electric machinery

Special castings related to hubs, bases, gearboxes of wind turbines and intake/exhaust
casings of thermal power generators,

Special parts for injection molding machines/die-casting machines, machine tools and
industrial machinery.

Large wind turbines

(hubs, gearboxes and bases) steam
turbine components for large thermal
power plants

Cryogenic ductility nodular
graphite iron castings and gray
iron castings for energy use

Primary business High-grade ductile iron castings

for injection molding machines Plastic injection molding machines

Large precision machine tools

High-grade ductile iron castings Air compressors

and gray iron castings for other Ultra-large fast color printing press

applications Medical equipment (cancer therapeutic apparatus
and Gama knife therapeutic apparatus)

Date of Incorporation 2008/01/22

Chairperson Zhang X ianming

General Manager Xu Qingxiong

Operations

Headquarters No 95 Huanghai Rd, Beilun District, Ningbo City, Zhejiang Province, PRC

Corporate

Headquarters F4, No, 93, X inhu 1st Road, Neihu District, Taipei City

Capital Amount
(Unit: 103NTS)

1,106,175.19


ABOUT YGG

Equity
Structure

Shareholder
SSeucture

ay.
Shareholding ratio
(%)

Government Financial Other body Foreign institution Natural

‘agency institution corporate and foreigner person Total

1.19% 157% 20.55% 11.42% 59.27% 10.00%

The annual

report to General Meeting for the new year has been issued.

Number
of employees

57 people from Taiwan and 2,128 from overseas 157 people from Taiwan and 2,128 from overseas

Operation
Bases

Main Product

Corporate Headquarters:

Name: © _YEONGGUAN Energy Technology Group Co., Ltd. (YGG)

Add: « F4, No. 93, Xinhu Ist Road, Neihu District, Taipei City

Operations Headquarters

‘Add: « No. 95 Huanghai Rd, Beilun District, Ningbo City, Zhejiang Province, PRC

Subsidiaries:

© Taiwan-base:

cd subsidiary

Name: <> Yeng Chen Asia Pacific Co., Ltd. (YGA)

Add: «No. 502,

@ chinese mai

Sec, 1, Chenggong Rd., Guanyin Dist,, Taoyuan City, Taiwan

inland-based subsidiaries

Dong Guan Yeong Guan Mould Factory Co., Ltd. (YGD)

Add: © Yinguan
Ningbo Yongxiang
Add: @ No. 95H

Industrial District, Qingxi Town, Dongguan City, Guangdong Province, PRC
Foundry Co, Ltd. (Y6S)
juanghai Rd, Beilun District, Ningbo City, Zhejiang Province, PRC

Ningbo Lulin Machinery Casting Co., Ltd. (YGL)

‘Add: « No. 28, Dinghai Road, Zhenhai Economic Development Zone, Ningbo City, Zhejiang Province, PRC

Jiangsu Bright Steel Fine Machinery Co., Ltd. (Y6B)

‘Add: « No. 9 Yue-Peng Rd, Tian Mu Hu Industry Zone, Liyang City Jiangsu Province, PRC

‘Shanghai No. 1 Ma

\chine Tool Foundry (Suzhou) Co., Ltd. (GW)

‘Add: «No. 999 Laixiu Rd, FOHO New & Hi-Tech Industrial Development Zone, Suzhou City, Jiangsu Province, PRC

Y GG’s consolidated (individual) revenue for the current year

2020 2021 2022

Net revenue Net revenue Net revenue

Business Business Business
proportion proportion proportion

Castings for renewable
energy

5,562,951

67.97% 4,250,935 47.50% 4,340,912 46.26%

Castings for injection
molding machines

1,144,634

13.98% 2,248,995 25.13% 2,434,808 25.94%

Other castings

1,476,688

18.05% 2,448,281 27.37% 2,608,205 27.80%

Products for
renewable energy
type

8,184,273

Products for
industrial
machinery

100.00% 8,948,211 9,383,925 10.00%

Products for Products for welding Products for
injection molding spraying type
machines

21


ABOUT YGG

Diagram of YGG's Position in upstream, midstream and downstream
ofthe.entire. industrial chain.

Raw material, etc. 01

My Present
Ww industry

Product production/
technology R&D

Upstream Downstream

industry

Raw material:
pig iron and scrap iron
Accessories:

resin, nodulizer

People's livelihood-
oriented industries

Product development:
raw material
dissolution, casting,
forming and machining

© Wind power industry

« Machine tool industry

Castings are widely used and have been used in hardware and the entire mechanical and electronic industries, and their scope of
application is showing a trend of continuous expansion, and they are specifically used in construction, hardware, equipment,
construction plant and the like large-size machine, machine tool, vessel, aerospace, automobile and motorcycle, electronic
appliances and the like sectors.

@ Service Philosophy.
Germany
Actively participate and fully invest in, and strive to

swivrand +) be a good bridge between customers and the Group
with smiling, enthusiasm and wholehearted service

] concept. Listen carefully to customers’ voices and

taly © needs, handle their complaint immediately, and
actively communicate with technology, QA and

© production units. Create a harmonious working
atmosphere and achieve higher value and mutual

benefit for the Company and custorners.

Belgium


ABOUT YGG

Operating bases of YGG within the scope of disclosure

YGS

YGL

YGA

YGB

YGD

Yow

Operation Bases

Ningbo Y ongxiang Foundry Co, Ltd.
Ningbo Lulin M achinery Casting Co., Ltd
Yeng Chen Asia Pacific Co., Ltd.

Jiangsu Bright Steel Fine Machinery Co., Ltd.

Dong Guan Yeong Guan Mould Factory Co.,
Ltd.

Shanghai No. 1 Machine Tool Foundry
(Suzhou) Co., Ltd.

Shanghai No. 1 Machine Tool
Foundry (Suzhou) Co., Ltd

Ningbo Lulin Machinery
Casting Co., Ltd.

No 95 Huanghai Rd, Beilun District, Ningbo City, Zhejiang
Province, PRC

No, 28, Dinghai Road, Zhenhai Economic Development Zone,
Ningbo City, Zhejiang Province, PRC

No. 502, Sec. 1,Chenggong Rd.,Guanyin Dist,Taoyuan City
328, Taiwan

No.9 Yue-Peng Rd, Tian Mu Hu Industry Zone, Liyang City
Jiangsu Province, PRC

Yinquan Industrial District, Qingxi Town, Dongguan City,
Guangdong Province, PRC

No. 999 Laixiu Rd, FOHO New & Hi-Tech Industrial

Development Zone, Suzhou City, Jiangsu Province, PRC

Jiangsu Bright Steel Fine M
achinery Co., Ltd

[Yeng ChenAsia Paci]
Co., Ltd

Ningbo Y ongxiang Dong:
Foundry Co, Ltd. i

Guan Yeong Guan
M ould Factory Co., Ltd

23

34

ABOUT YGG

Organizational Structure

(nadie Committes

. Audit Committee

* Compensation Committee”
Compensation Comm

Chai

a
Board of Directors
-——4 io
jp. Audit Officer

Office of
‘ Chairperson ’

(Strategic Planning,
\ Division a

Gustainable Development _)
\ Committee a

~

| ottice ot ceo )
Ns

Sales Finance »

© opnisi ee
vision g/  \_Bivision g /
é R&D \ Purchase

:
\_ Division g 7 — \_Bivision 47
feel

‘ bien % 4 ITDivision &
KO Pivision g/g /

{Project Management, « HR Division «

\ center g4 Ng

. Yeng Chen Asia Pacific Co., Ltd.

Jiangsu Bright Steel Fine Machinery Co., &
Ltd.

Shanghai No. 1 Machine Tool Foundry

(Suzhou) Co., Ltd.


ABOUT YGG

2.2 Business Philosophy (Corporate Vision/Mission/Core Values)

[Sustainable development] "champion" - with state-of-art technology and high-quality product.

YEONGGUAN is headquartered in Ningbo, Zhejiang. Since the first Chinese mainland-based foundry was
incorporated in Dongguan in 1995, YGG has established 6 foundries, 2 precision machining bases, 1 steel
structure production base, 2 professional painting bases and 1 scrap steel recycling plant, forming a
vertically-integrated secondary metalworking group. The entire group has formed a production capacity of over

240,000t/a and has 2,000+ employees. Y GG has become a benchmark enterprise in the foundry industry in China.

Y EONGGUAN has been engaged in the foundry industry for more than 40 years, and its products has been
widely used in energy industries (wind power generation, thermal power generation),
injection molding industries, industrial machinery (air compressors and mining

Z machinery), vehicle industry (special vehicles, trains, automobiles, etc.), medical
industry and so on. YEONGGUAN provides customers with services such as
collaborative design, manufacturing, processing, welding, anti-corrosive coating and
product assembling. In the future, in the secondary metalworking industry chain,

YEONGGUAN will further integrate upstream and downstream businesses to provide

customers with more advanced and innovative integrated One-Stop Services.

Quality is the life of an enterprise and the most loyal commitment to customers. YEONGGUAN takes improving
overall quality and pursuing customer satisfaction as its prime directive in quality, and its vision for sustainability

is to become a leader in the global secondary metalworking service.

In order to enhance the Group's competitiveness and fulfill its CSR to achieve the goal of sustainability, we have
commenced planning the following key points for the present:
1. ESG (environmental, social and corporate governance)

Socially responsible investment (SRI) is an issue that has attracted increasing attention and flourished in the
investment community in recent years. Today's investors, when making investment decisions, will consider the
target company's financial status (such as growth) and extend their reach to the three major aspects of
environment, society and corporate governance. In the face of the Corporate Governance 3.0 - Sustainable
D evelopment Blueprint planned by the Taiwan Financial Supervisory Commission, in corporate governance issues,
the Group actively promoted the diversity of board members and strengthens board functions and risk
management; in environmental issues, the Group focused on the impact of GHG and carbon dioxide emissions on
environment and was also committed to improving the utilization efficiency of all resources in addition to
disclosure of quantitative information such as carbon emissions, water consumption and waste; in social issues, by
disclosing occupational safety, occupational accident data statistic, and workplace diversity and gender equality,
quantified the content of social issues, and actively invested in safeguarding human rights and employee care to
strengthen the Company's ESG information disclosure for concrete corporate sustainable development.

2. Promote the innovation of green production model

The Group will continue to import digital management, replace and upgrade green energy equipment against noise,
dust, atmosphere, water treatment system, lighting, waste heat recovery and electric furnace, continue to promote
green factories, move toward the goal of energy conservation and carbon reduction, and become an

environment-friendly company.


ABOUT YGG

3. Promote lean production management

In lean production, we employ considerations such as system structure, personnel organization, operation method
and market supply and demand to enable the production system to quickly adapt to rapid changes in user needs, so
that anything useless and redundant in the production process can be streamlined and the Group production

management model can be strengthened.
4. Promote personnel training and inheritance plans

In order to effectively cultivate the capability of cadres at all levels to proactively solve problems, the Group has
promoted training programs for professionals for years, arranging training and evaluation content based on
personal characteristics and job attributes, cultivating and reserving management and technical personnel

respectively, to lay a more solid foundation for its sustainable development.

In the future, the Group will optimize the organizational business model under the business policy plan,
understand customer needs and focus on customer value, upgrade organizational team management and
production capabilities, and improve corporate governance on ESG principles. With the purpose of sustainability,

we will fulfill our corporate social responsibilities (CSR) and continue to create greater value for relevant parties.

2.3 Award-W inning Glory and M anagement System

SN ward-Winning Glory

1 Changzhou Three-Star Industrial Enterprise

2 Provincial Collective Consultation Demonstration Unit

3 Advanced Unit for Safe consumption in Changzhou City

4 Five-star Advanced Enterprise in Building Harmonious Labor
Relations in Changzhou City

5 Credit-rated AAA Enterprise in China's Foundry Industry

6 China Green Casting Demonstration Enterprise

7 Specialized, Novelized, Characteristic and Fine SME in Jiangsu
Province

8 Suzhou Quality Award Certificate

9 High-tech Enterprise Qualification
Certificate

10 Three-Star Enterprise in Collective
Negotiation

ll Model Workers Home


ABOUT YGG

Management system certifications obtained by each factory

YGW
YL YGB Yep
YGs YGA Shanghai No. 1
. Ningbo Lutin ___ | iangsu Bright Steel | Dong Guan Y eong
Category Ningbo Y ongxiang Yeng ChenAsia Machine Tool
Machinery Casting Fine Machinery Co, | Guan Mould
Foundry Co, Ltd Pacific Co, Ltd. Foundry (Suzhou)
Co, Ltd. Ltd. Factory Co., Ltd.
Co, Ltd.
1$09001:2015 . . . . ° .
15014001:2015 ° ° °
1S050001:2018 e e e
Corporate Environmental B
Credit Evaluation
Information security
system o . °
ABS-A merican Bureau of
Shipping e e
BV-Bureau Veritas °
Det Norske Veritas °
CCS-China Classification
Society . .
2014/68/EU
EU Quality System fal
Certification
1S045001:2018 e . ° e °
‘Safe manufacturi
te A edectane Level 3 Level 3 Level 3 Level 3 Level 2

Y GA: Yeng ChenA sia Pacific Co., Ltd.

Y GB: Jiangsu Bright Steel Fine M achinery Co., Ltd.

Y GD: Dongguan Y eong Guan M ould Factory Co., Ltd. Y GL: Ningbo Lulin Machinery Casting Co., Ltd.

Y GS: Ningbo Y ongxiang Foundry Iron Co., Ltd.

Ltd.

Note: Our product has passed marine certification by customers

ABS-American Bureau of Shipping, BV -Bureau Veritas, and D et Norske Veritas.

Note: Pressure Vessel M aterial Certification: 2014/68/EU Quality System Certification

Y GW: Shanghai No. 1 Machine Tool Foundry (Suzhou) Co.,

in European and American countries:

Note: The terms vary depending on the place of operation. It is called "management system" in Taiwan and

overseas.

27


2.4 Participation in External Organizations

ABOUT YGG

In addition to improving the competitiveness of its own product, YGG also actively communicated with

stakeholders from all walks of life. Through the opportunity of participating in industry-related associations, Y GG

has positive interactions with association members to understand the latest development trends of the industry.

10
11
12

POs
of}

Taiwan Wind Power Industry Development
Association

Taiwan Foundry Society

Taiwan Casting Industry Association

Taiwan A ssociation of M achinery Industry

Zhenhai District Association of (Petrochemical)
Work Safety of Ningbo City

Ningbo Foundry Association
Shanghai Foundry Association

Suzhou Foundry Association
Jiangsu Foundry Association

China Foundry Association
Jiangsu Foundry Association

Changzhou Foundry Association

13

14

15

16

17

18
19
20

21

22

23

Liyang Foundry A ssociation

Changzhou Special Equipment Safety
Association

Changzhou Environmental Resource

Protection Public Welfare A ssociation

China Foundry Association Wind Power
Casting Branch

Beilun District Environmental Protection
Federation of Ningbo City

Ningbo Foundry Association

Zhejiang Foundry Association

Beilun District A ssociation of Work Safety

Beilun District Environmental Protection
Federation

China Foundry A sociation

Guangdong Foundry Association

ats

e%

Ss


—— fe.
i
an tee

CHAPTER

Honest Governance

3.1 Governance Practice
3.1.1 Board of Directors
3.1.2 Functional Committees
3.1.3 Internal Audit
3.1.4 Ethical credibility

3.2 Risk Management

3.3 Legal Compliance

3.4 Operating performance

3.5 Customer relations

3.6 Information Security Protection

YEONGGUAN GROUP

OX™WOOMOOOMY MMMM YY XYNXNMMOMOOOOOMYOMONOAAA


C honest Governance

YGG has formulated and disclosed the "Code of Good Faith” on the Market Observation Post System and
the Company's website (http://www.ygget.com), annual report or other literature; senior management
and directors of the Group, when performing their duties, uphold the business philosophy based on good
faith and fulfill their supervisory responsibilities, which is the cornerstone of the Group's sustainable
development.

YGG has clearly stipulated in the "Operating Procedures of Code of Good Faith and Guide of Conduct" all

precautions and their processing procedures of "no bribe offer and acceptance", "no illegal political
donation", "no improper charitable donation nor sponsorship", "no improper benefit offer or accep-

tance", “no facilitation payment”, "no unfair competition", "prevention of product or service from harm-
ing stakeholder" and "no insider trading and confidentiality agreement”.

YGG has specifically stipulated in the "Operating Procedures of Code of Good Faith and Guide of
Conduct" all precautions that the Company's personnel should take when performing their job duties,
including operating procedures and conduct guides for each program, disciplinary and complaint
systems against violations, and the Audit Office regularly reviews and revise the "Code of Good Faith" and
“Operating Procedures of Code of Good Faith and Guide of Conduct" with reference to important interna-
tional development trends.

RAR

Code of Practice in
Corporate Governance

3.1 Governance Practice

Corporate Governance Result V/s

* On August 8, 2019, the departmental head Jiang Shugan was appointed as the head for corporate governance.

* Ranked between 66% and 80% of listed companies group in the 9th Corporate Governance Assessment.
* Ranked from 41% to 60% of companies with the market value of NT$5 billion to 10 billion in Corporate Governance Assessment.
* The performance evaluation results of the Board of Directors and functional committees were excellent.

* Female directors accounted for 9%; independent directors accounted for 36%,

The Board of Directors adopted the resolution to appoint Ms. Jiang Shugan of the Company as the head
for corporate governance to protect the rights and interests of shareholders and strengthen the functions
of Directors. Handle matters related to Board of Directors and General Meeting in accordance with laws,
prepare minutes of Board Meeting and General Meeting, assist directors (including independent direc-
tors) to abide by laws, take their office and continue education, provide directors with information
needed to perform their job duties, and assist the Company in executing decisions taken by the Directors
and General Meeting and maintaining investor relations, and the Head of Corporate Governance has
been trained for 14 hours annually. For further education information and related details, please refer to
the Company’ s website and the disclosures in the Annual Report to General Meeting.


C honest Governance

3.1.1 Board of Directors

Rules of Procedure of Directors Election
Board of Directors Procedure

The Board of Directors has provided the most appropriate strategic guidance for the Company's develop-
ment. Further, in order to enhance directors’ professional knowledge and competency, legal quality
and sensitivity to sustainable development, the Company arranged refresher courses every year to help
directors enrich their knowledge. The total number of annual refresher courses for the Directors reached
87 hours, accounting for 27.59% of ESG courses. For detailed information on directors’ academic expe-
rience, professional knowledge and independence, further studies and shareholdings, please refer to the
Company’ s website and the disclosures in the Annual Report to General Meeting.

The Company's current Board of Directors has 11 directors (including four independent directors,
accounting for 36% of the total), all of whom are native. The Board of Directors shall convene at least one
session every quarter and held 7 sessions in 2022, with actual attendance rate of 100%. Age distribution
of directors: 2 directors aged 41~50, 2 aged 51~60, 4 aged 61~70 and 3 aged 71~80. In addition to the
above, the Company also paid attention to gender equality in the composition of Directors. The current
Board of Directors has one female member, accounting for 9% of the total, less than 1/3 of the target
proportion. In the future, continued effort will be made to increase the proportion of female directors. In
addition, 5 directors also served as the Company's manager, and the number of their seats have not
reached the target and no more than 1/3 of the total. In the future, continued effort will be made to
increase the number of outside directors.

Independence of Directors: The Company has four independent directors, accounting for 36% of the
total director membership; and conducted a qualification check on independent directors at the time of
election and issued a statement confirming no circumstances specified in Article 26-3 (3) and (4) of the
Securities and Exchange Act; there is no kinship bond of spouses or immediate relatives between direc-
tors of the Company.

For the main experience (academic) qualifications of the Company’. s directors and the list of principal shareholders, please refer to the

Board 2022 Performance Enhancement
performance Enhancement scheme ----
Evaluation Scheme Result of coordinate directors t
. . oordinate directors to
mechanism - - - - self-evaluation - - - - attend the board meeting in
person
Annual Operating performance of Arrange professional
questionnaire Directors is excellent. development courses
self-evaluation Performance of board Strengthen effective
01 members is excellent 02 communication between 03
Operational performance of independent directors,
the Audit Committee is excellent. internal audit executives
Performance of Compensation and accountants to improve
Cornmittee is excellent. directors’ understanding

of the Company
Level of involvement
in operations


C nest Governance

Statistical Data of
Diversity/Year Headcount| Percentage |Headcount| Percentage | Headcount| Percentage

90.91% 90.91% 90.91%

a

Gender | Female 9.09% 9.09% 9.09%

Aged under 18.18% 18.18% 18.18%

50~60 27.27% 27.27% 18.18%

Director

Aged over 60 54.55% 54.55% 63.64%

Research
institute

54.55% 45.45% 45.45%

Education|

College 27.27% 36.36% 45.45%

Other 18.18% 18.18% 9.09%

Percentage of fernale directors = (number of female directors at the end of the year/number of directors at the end of the year)*100%.
Percentage of male directors = (EOY number of male directors/EOY number of directors)* 100%.
% of female directors + % of male directors should be 100%.

3.1.2 Functional Committees

The Audit Committee currently assists the Directors in supervising the Company's evaluating the quality
of accounting, auditing, financial reporting processes and financial control, and submits evaluation
results to the Board of Directors for discussion. Adhere to the principle of good faith and independence
to supervise the Company's business execution and financial status, check the Company's financial
statements, assist the Directors in performing supervisory duties, and be responsible for tasks assigned
by the Company Law, Securities and Exchange Act and other relevant laws. Please refer to the Company's
website and the information disclosure of the Annual Report to General Meeting.

The Board of Directors of YGG approved the Audit Committee Organizational Rules and established an
Audit Committee under the Board of Directors. Four independent directors serve as the Audit Committee,
one of whom is the convener, and at least one has accounting or financial expertise; the meeting of Audit
Committee shall be held at least once every quarter. A total of 6 Audit Committee meetings were held
during the year, with the attendance rate of 100%.

The Audit Committee held 6 meetings in 2022, with the attendance

rate of 100%.

Auditor Actual Attendance (%)
Wei Jiamin 100%
Chen Tianwen 100%
Zhang Dewen 100%
Zhan Wenyin 100%
Audit Committee Y -

Committeemen Zhan Wenyin was elected in June. For detailed information,
please scan QR Code or refer to the 2022 Annual Report to General Meeting


C nest Governance

Compensation Committee

Currently, the four members of the Compensation Committee are all independent directors, responsible
for evaluating the company's compensation policies and systems for directors and managers, and
making recommendations to the Board of Directors to prevent compensation policies from leading
directors and managers to engage in corporate risk appetites over business ethics. For detailed informa-
tion and data performance, please refer to the Company’ s website and the disclosures in the Annual
Report to General Meeting.

The Compensation Committee aims to assist the Directors in implementing and evaluating the Compa-
ny's overall compensation and benefit policies as well as compensation to directors and managers to
ensure that the Company's arrangement of compensation comply with relevant laws and regulations
and be sufficient to attract outstanding talented people.

Organizational powers and responsibilities of the Compensation Committee
@Evaluate and supervise the company's overall compensation

policy

@ Evaluate and approve the remuneration level of directors
(including chairperson and vice chairperson)

@ Evaluate and approve the compensation levels of a

General Manager and managers above associate level b
@ Evaluate and approve the compensation levels of the

Company's managers. fy a
® Review directors from time to time based on the =

vice chairperson) and senior managers’ compensation hd

Company's goals, operating performance, competitive
environment and other factors. (including chairperson and

Proposals for distribution of employee compensation and directors’ compensation shall be executed in
accordance with resolutions approved by more than two-thirds of directors present and approved by
more than half of directors present, and shall be reported to the General Meeting. However, the Compa-
ny, if still having any accumulated losses, should reserve the compensation amount in advance and then
allocate employee compensation and director compensation in proportion

YGG is still on the stage of implementing ESG and has not linked ESG development goals and perfor-
mance with individual remuneration of directors and managers, and will pay constant attention to ESG
trends and plan for inclusion in the performance evaluation and reward system when the internal imple-
mentation of ESG becomes more mature in the future, develop ESG-related performance indicators and
link the achievement of each performance indicator with individual performance appraisals.

Compensation Committee will hold 3 meetings in 2022, with
attendance rate of 100%.

Compensation
Committeemen Actual Attendance (%)

Wei Jiarmin 100%
Chen Tianwen 100%

Zhang Dewen 100%

Zhan Wenyin 100% Compensation Committee

Committeemen Zhan Wenyin was elected in June. For detailed information, please
scan QR Code or refer to the 2022 Annual Report to General Meeting,


C honest Governance

3.1.3 Internal Audit

In order to strengthen the internal control and audit system, YGG has established an Audit Office under
the Board of Directors, respecting the professionalism and independence of internal auditors, fully
authorizing all inspection (audit) works, and in order to strengthen professional capabilities of auditors,
arranged auditors to receive continuous professional development and participate in internal audit
training organized by institutions designated by competent authorities to improve and maintain their
audit quality and execution effectiveness. In the current year, one auditor received training for a total of
12 hours.

The job description is detailed as follows:

@Conduct routine or ad-hoc audits on the Company's internal controls to ensure their effective imple-
mentation

@ Conduct routine or ad-hoc audits on internal controls of subsidiaries to ensure their effective imple-
mentation

@® Summarize audit deficiencies and prepare an audit report, continue to track the improvement of
deficiencies, and submit them to relevant supervisors and independent directors for review.

@Regularly report to the Directors the major deficiencies of each business unit within the Group and
their compliance with internal controls.

By continuously monitoring the Company's implementation of all operating systems through auditors,
establishing good governance practices and risk control mechanisms can also create a sustainable
business environment. In 2022, the Audit Office performed a total of 42 audit operations, with audit com-
pliance of 100%. There is no major non-conformity and all non-conformities were improved and closed
on or prior to the deadline.

Audit Flow Chart

Make suggestions when
missing or exceptions
are discovered,
coordinate
unit improvements
and regularly track
improvements.

Submit to the
Directors for approval

re)

Perform audit
operations

Fy
Develop annual audit
plan

Present the audit report
and follow-up report and
deliver or notify the
independent directors
before the end of
the next month after the
audit project is. completed

Report the internal audit

lexecution status and internal

control operation status

to independent directors on

a quarterly basis and attend
sessions of the Board

of Directors

Prepare audit reports
and tracking reports


C honest Governance

3.1.4 Ethical credibility

Holding fast to the business philosophy based on good faith is

Importance to YGG the cornerstone of the sustainable development of YGG.

Short term * No breach of good faith in business operations occurred

Goal
Medium to * Continue to establish a corporate culture of good faith and improve
long term relevant systems

* The Audit Office is responsible for promoting the Group's corporate
Resources invested in governance such as management in good faith, anti-corruption,
the current year anti-bribery and legal compliance, and reporting its implementation
status to the Board of Directors every year.
* Promote the Code of Good Faith on a regular and irregular basis

Code of Good Faith


C honest Governance

Concrete Performance

YGG is an enterprise observing laws and adhering to Code of Ethics, and in addition to compliance with
the Company Law, Securities and Exchange Act, Commercial Accounting Law and other regulations, and
has clearly stipulated in the “Code of Good Faith” and "Operating Procedures of Code of Good Faith
and Guide of Conduct" all precautions and their processing procedures of "no bribe offer and accep-
tance", "no illegal political donation", "no improper charitable donation nor sponsorship", "no improper
benefit offer or acceptance", "no facilitation payment", "no unfair competition", "prevention of product
or service from harming stakeholder" and "no insider trading and confidentiality agreement". The Ethical
Code of Conduct covers anti-corruption and bribery, trade secret confidentiality, handling of conflicts of
interest, anti-competition and violation reporting systems, etc. YGG conducted supervision and review
through internal control and internal audit systems based on the internal audit organizational structure
to establish good corporate governance and risk control mechanisms so that the Company can develop
sustainably.

As of the end of 2022, the Company has not discovered or received any report related to violations of
professional ethics. Regarding the governance organization, YGG has formulated "Rules of Procedure of
Directors", "Directors Performance Evaluation Measures", “Audit Committee Organizational Rules",
"Compensation Committee Organizational Rules" and other relevant measures to standardize functions
of the Directors and all functional committees to ensure full supervision on business activities.

Sree
The Company's official website http: /Avww_y gget.com index /tw.aspx
Customer service Commissioner Y uan Ting daisy @ ygget.com
Supplier service Assstont W anager Zhong kun@ yeget.com
M ingkun
Staff service Assistant M anager Zhang X iong 2x960736@ ygget.com
Investor Relations Services (Taipei Office) Assistant M anager Li Guanxin r@ ygget.com
Audit Officer M anager Huang Tongde tommyhuang@ yeget.com

3.2 Risk Management

The Audit Committee will supervise existing and potential risk issues, and exercise internal control and
annual audit plan through the audit unit directly subordinate to the Directors, and deliver relevant
reports to independent directors on a monthly and quarterly basis, communicate and discuss questions
or instructions from independent directors. The performance of internal audit must also be reported at
quarterly board meetings and Audit Committee meetings; and at the instructions of the Audit Committee
and the Board of Directors, should be used as a basis for implementation; in case of any special situations
or major exceptions, would be reported immediately to the independent directors. We use thorough and
rigorous internal controls to continuously evaluate the operation of each unit to prevent malpractices
and errors from occurring and effectively improve the Company's operational quality.

The Audit Committee will evaluate the effectiveness of the Company's internal control system policies
and procedures (including financial, operational, risk management, information security, outsourcing,
legal compliance and other control measures), and review the Company's audit department and CPA, as
well as the management's regular reporting, including risk management and regulatory compliance.


Climate change/
en

a. Climate change:

b. Improvement of
environment standard

¢. Government
production restrictions
and seasonal

factors curtailing
energy use:

e. Extreme weather

events such as typhoons,
floods, droughts, extreme
high temperatures and
cold climates

f. Impacts such as changes
in temperature and rainfall
and sea level rising

‘onmental change risks

Honest Governance

k Management Strategy
(Response Measures)

In response to the risks of high temps
heavy snowfall, typhoons and other abnormal
damage or shutdown of f
against overall production, shipments, raw m:
aly inspections on equipment and fa
and service, and conduct disaster p
an incident and minimize damage and impa

ures in summer, n winter, heavy rainfall, floods,
ther conditions that may affect the health of employees,
y response plans and methods
als, waste and personnel arrangements, etc, also
tories to ke

have madi

ry equioment, wi

conduc

the ever

Reduce the impact of products and manufacturing processes on environment, while comply with local
regulatory requirements and social expectations in places of operation, and continue to invest in R&D of
new materials and new technologies to reduce the impact from the source.

Based on the regulatory requirements of the place of operation, make investment in environment
protection and treatment equipment preceding regulatory requirements, and find strat
that waste produced can be recycled in the factory or enter another industrial cycle

Improve environmental safety quality through cross-factory communication and mutual review (mutual
supervision and mutual learning)

Strengthen communication with governmental environmental protection authorities, surrounding
residents and other stakeholders to promote mutual understanding

smart control and the like facilities for energy management,
R&D and manufacturing processes.

en energy use is limited due to seasonal
sumption guarantee with power an

Replace energy-consuming equipment,
and strive to maximize energy efficiency fr
Ensure that operation and produ
factors through all government applications and signing
companies.

Develop shutdown/lockout prog
governmental authorities to be:
urtailment

nthe beginning

jon can still be maintained

ith minimal impact, communicate and negotiate with

dco

an exemp »pany in compliance with pollution prevention an¢

control producti

The management of each branch factory and each branch company pays close attention to weather
eney response plans

forecast to ensure the safety of employees and is fully prepared to make emer

against the impact of unexpected weather events on production.

mx)

37

38

Honest Governance

Strategic operational
risk

Strategic operational risk
a.R&D plan and cost

b. Litigation or
non-litigation events

c. Supplier risk

e.Customers’ emphasis on
corporate respon:

a.Interest Rate Risk

b.Risks associated with
engaging in high-risk,
high-leverage investments,
lending funds to others,
endorsement in security
and derivatives trading

c.Others
(credit risk, inventory risk, etc.)

d.International trade disputes,
money laundering prevention
and tax issues

Risk Management Strategy

The Company has long-term training of technical development personnel to conduct research on each

material development, mold development, process improvement, etc. The main R&D plan in the future is

to develop special materials and higher precision casting products, The factors for successful R&D lie in the

quality of development personnel, mastery of manufacturing technology, combined with customer

demand orientation, and long-term accumulated R&D results, improve product efficiency and gain market
tive advantages.

Continuously publicize the dispute resolution mechanism for legal disputes encountered by each unit,
appoint lawyers to handle and comprehensively consult recommendations made by the court, engineer-
ing committee or mediation committee and adopta dispute resolution mechanism suitable for each cases
in consultation with the Legal Counsel or the appointed lawyer.

Risks are regularly reviewed and discussed in monthly reports. Establish selection criteria for new suppliers
and conduct regular audits on existing suppliers to ensure quality, delivery and process capabilities.

Pay constant attention to labor, environmental protection, personal data, construction and the like
regulations, cross-strait relations policies, real estate policies, etc., and establish personal data manage-
ment measures, continue to invest in environment management, improve working environment and other
software or hardware equipment, and assign personnel for training and assistance to obtain national
certification and license, and make employee health care budgets for proper response.

Actively consider obtaining ESG report reviews or scoring from third-party rating agencies.

Management Si se Measures)

© Pay sustained attention to changes in market interest rates and reduce the interest rate risk of future
interest rate increases by extending the borrowing period

© Regarding changes in interest rates and exchange rates, adopt both cost and conservatism principles,
pay attention to domestic and foreign market interest rate and exchange rate trends at any time, and
restructure the Company's capital in a timely manner to reduce financing cost and loss caused by
‘exchange rate fluctuations

All the Company's investments follow the "Procedures for Acquiring or Disposing of Assets" and are
made through careful evaluation; the "Fund Lending Operation Procedures” and "Endorsement
Measures” are also followed for the lending of fund to others and endorsement in security. Transactions
in other derivative financial products will also be handled in accordance with the Company's routine
procedures for acquiring or disposing of assets.

Risks are regularly reviewed and discussed in monthly reports. For raw material risks, due to the impact
‘of raw material price fluctuations, a control form is formulated to record orders and inventory
quantities.

In addition to continuous reinforcement of the Company's competitiveness, pay constant attention to
the progress of trade disputes between the United States and other counties, as well as the announce-
ment of policies by all countries on information exchange, encouraging capital repatriation, etc, and
make pian early for response to relevant changes.


Honest Governance

Market risk | Risk Management Strategy (Response Measures)

a.Revisions to corporate
governance, Company Law,
etc. by competent authorities
in response to changes in
domestic and foreign policies
and laws.

Make adjustment and revision in accordance with laws and regulations.

Improve production technology and management capabilities, actively develop products with high added
value, strengthen our understanding of industry supply and demand and market price fluctuations, and
strengthen operating characteristics as response

b.Technological and
industrial changes:

c.Purchases or sales are

too concentrated: Strive to diversify suppliers for purchase or customers for sale.

d. Customer's requirements

for environmental protection Customer's requirements for environmental protection and green production,
and green production

Information security risk | Risk Management Strategy (Response Measures)

a.Risks of cyberattacks,
Hackers and ransomware:

© The Company has established a dedicated competent unit for information security, which shall
cooperate externally with governmental authorities to proceed information security reporting and
response mechanisms; internally formulate information security-related policies and measures to
keep improving and abide by laws and the Information Security Management System (ISMS) to
prevent and plug information security loopholes,

b.Data leak and personal
data protection:

c. Information and communication

interruption with no early warning: @ Pils andtests are conducted through the contingency teem to strengthen the firewall mechanism,

anti-virus, anti-hacking and mail filtering software systems according to the personal data and
information security management regulations; and virtual host architecture and remote backup
d.Disruption of public services functions are adopted, and a maintenance contract is signed with the system manufacturer to
and severe weather: ensure that the system can be implemented effectively to ensure efficient recovery in case of any
disaster; and continue to update software and hardware and plan website vulnerability testingin the
future to reduce information security risk

e.Continued investment in
risk improvement:

Raw material risk | Risk Management Strategy (Response Measures)

As affected by factors such © Work strategically with suppliers to lock in prices, negotiate and order quantities, delay rise in price,
as environmental protection, ‘and avoid soaring price inflation,

global supply and epidemic

ocean a ty © Continue to develop multiple suppliers and increase supply backup.

of suppliers is related to

the rapid rise in raw © Establish a raw material inventory control mechanism and set up a safety stock.

material prices and the

supply is unstable, © Assist suppliers to grow and stabilize their business structure.

39


Honest Governance

3.3 Legal compliance

Good faith operation and compliance with all laws and regulations are the most basic principles and
requirements for the Company's business operation. In strict compliance with local environment, safety
and health laws and regulations in the place of operation, we are committed to pollution prevention,
hazard risk reduction, and keep improving and analyze any possible impact of all operating activities,
facilities, products and services on safety, health and environment, announce, revise and review the
update status and legal compliance in accordance with laws and regulations enacted by competent
authorities in the place of operation, and regularly perform safety, health and environment hazards (air
pollution, water pollution, soil pollution, waste management, GHG, etc.) identification and risk evalua-
tion; in case of any non-conformities, modify or formulate relevant operating procedures for prevention
and improvement to avoid any unsafe accident; in case of any changes in processes and operating activi-
ties or abnormal accidents, take risk assessment measures immediately, conduct risk assessments for
routine and non-routine high-risk operations and control the risk to a minimum.

In overall legal compliance practices of YGG, there were no major illegal records involving corporate
governance, securities trading, environmental protection, labor rights, occupational safety, leakage of
customer privacy, marketing labeling and product liability in recent years.

—~_~_~_——_ Human Rights Policy of YEONGGUAN = —~_~-_~_~—_-
Energy Technology Group Co., Ltd.

YEONGGUAN Energy Technology Group Co., Ltd. shall, in compliance with labor-related laws and regulations in all operat-
ing bases around the world, protect the legitimate interests of employees, support and follow the UN Global Compact,
Universal Declaration of Human Rights and International Labor Organization Declaration of Fundamental Principles and
Rights at Work and other international human rights conventions, fully embody the responsibility to respect and protect
human rights, treat all current employees with dignity and respect, including contract personnel, interns, etc

The human rights policy of YONGGUAN Energy Technology Group Co., Ltd. is applicable to the Company and its domestic
and foreign subsidiaries, joint ventures and other group-related enterprise organizations with substantial control capabil-
ities. We adhere to the following principles to safeguard human rights:

No discrimination on grounds of gender, race, age, marriage, language, political stance, religious belief, etc.

Respect employees’ willing and prohibit forced labor.

The employment standard has completed with local regulatory minimum age restrictions.

Provide employees with reasonable compensation and related benefits in accordance with laws and regulations.
_5. Healthy and safe workplace:

Construct a safe and healthy working environment and promote the physical and mental health of employees for

them to achieve work-life balance.

Establish unobstructed channels between labor and management, strive to promote harmonious and good labor

relations, and effectively mediate their divergence of opinion.

Chairperson: Chang Hsien-Min |


3.4 Operating performance

Major Topics Operating performance

Importance to YGG

Poli

jes/Commitments

Short term

Goal
Medium to
long term

Responsible Department/
Grievance Mechanism

Evaluation mechanism/
outcome

Operating income (Unit: 103NTS)

Honest Governance

Operational performance is an important indicator of enterprise operation management, which is
available for evaluating the operating status and efficiency of the enterprise based on performance,
help the enterprise determine the development direction and make decisions, and can also be used
to monitor the cost and efficiency of the enterprise and help the enterprise control cost, maximize
efficiency and discover areas to be optimized and improved so as to promote long-term and stable
development of the enterprise. In addition, operational performance can also be used to evaluate
employees’ work performance and contribution, thereby motivating them and improving their work
performance and job satisfaction, Therefore, operational performance has an important impact on
the management, development and competitiveness of the enterprise.

The Company kept improving operating peformance by integrating strategies and strengthening

core competitiveness,

Shipment grew to 220,00¢
20%,

50,000t in 2023 and gross profit margin was optimized to more than

‘The mid-term goal is to reach the shipment of more than 270,000tand the Thailand facility will be
launched into production in 2024; the long-term goal is for facilities in Chinese mainland, Taichung
‘and Thailand to reach the full load of 430,000t

The Company's Official Website/For Investors.

The Management has set the goal for the new year based on the Group's goal and required each
division to prepare annual budgets.

Each division has broken down their annual goal into monthly goals and make their own budget
based on these goals.

Monthly goals down to each division and team shall be be converted into weekly and daily work
plans to clarify their work content.

Managers at al levels must timely verify whether their set milestone goals have been achieved; if not
achieved, have the cause analyzed and propose improvement and remedial measures.

Operating costs (Unit: 103NTS)

9,900,000 9,000,000
9,383,925 8,040,146
9,400,000 8,000,000
8,948,211 7,178,390
8,900,000 7,000,000 455
8,184,273 ——
8,400,000 6,000,000
7,900,000 5,000,000
7,400,000 4,000,000
6,900,000 3,000,000
6,400,000 2,000,000
5,900,000 1,000,000
5,400,000 0
2020 2021 2022 2020 2021 2022

41

Honest Governance

Payment to investors (Unit: 103NT$)

Payment to government (Unit: 103NTS)

130,194

107,208 106,647

160,000 160,000
148,654
140,000 140,000
120,000 120,000
100,000 93,508 100,000
80,000 80,000
67,393
60,000 60,000
40,000 40,000
20,000 20,000
0 0
2020 2021 2022
Employee compensation and benefits (Unit: 103NT$)
350,000
304,314 323,127
300,000
258,478
250,000
200,000
150,000
100,000
50,000
0

2020

2021

2022

2020 2021 2022

Definition of operating income:
Adopt annual report - consolidated income
statement - operating income

Definition of operating cost:
Adopt annual report - consolidated income
statement - operating cost

Definition of employee compensation and benefits:

Adopt annual report-important accounting
subject-employee benefit expenses

Definition of payment to investors:
Adopt annual report-consolidated income
statement-financial cost+cash dividend

Definition of payment to government:
Adopt annual report - consolidated income
statement - income tax expense + penalty

3.5 Customer relations

Major Topics Operating Performance

Importance to YGG

Policies/Commitments

Short term

Target Medium to
long term

Responsible Department/
Grievance Mechanism

Resources invested in
the current year

Evaluation mechanism/
outcome

Honest Governance

Market competition is to contend for customers, Attracting and winning new customers, maintaining
and retaining old customers are the mission of enterprise survival and development. Any enterprise,
if desirous to maintain its advantage in the fierce market competition, must actively cultivate and
establish customer relationships, consolidate and develop customer relationships, so that the
enterprise can truly gain a competitive advantage.

Establish a service-oriented operating model and optimize service processes to enhance customer
trust and create a win-win situation

Apply innovative technologies to control and improve product quality, and cooperate with
customers to provide products and services that can meet their needs.

Customer Satisfaction KPI

Apply OA, CRM and PDM systems to enable employees to communicate and work collaboratively,
streamline their work, save more time and provide customers with more efficient services

Attach importance to customer's need and provide goad customer services,

Provide value to customers and quickly resolve their complained problems to reduce their mistrust.
Establish a win-win service partnership with customers.

The average customer satisfaction is over 87%.

Sales Division/Grievance Channel

R&D expenditure in 2022 will account for 3% of net operating income.

The Group will continue to research and improve production processes, shorten the development
time of new products and reduce the defective rate of product developed, etc, and gradually
improve new product development capabilities and technology.

Each subsidiary is caused to take their localized business operation model and their biotechnology,
production management, QA and the like unit will participate in co-assisting each BU to serve
customers more directly and efficiently.

In response to the ongoing impact of COVID-19 epidemic, the frequency of customer visits has been
reduced. However, through irregular remote online meetings, all technical exchanges and delivery
discussions are conducted to interact with customers, understand and ascertain customer's need
and feedback.

Conduct quarterly market survey and sort out reports on peers and the Company's customers from
3 major industries to better understand the Company's competitors and the current status of
important customers, thereby gaining market competitive advantage.

Through the CRM system, information such as customer complaint handling and account receivable
management can be integrated to instantly understand the progress of customer complaint cases
and accounts, reduce the time difference between internal and external communication, and
improve service efficiency.

None of the products and services evaluated from 2020 to 2022 have any impact on health and
safety,

There were no violations of health and safety regulations on products and services from 2020 to
2022,

There were no substantiated complaints of invasion to customer privacy or loss of customer
information from 2020 to 2022.

43

44

Honest Governance

Products and Ser

M ain Product Fields of A pplication
Our primary business is the manufacturing and sale of | Cryogenic ductility nodular
: Large wind turbines (hubs, gearboxes
nodular graphite and gray cast iron or the like casting | graphite iron castings and
and bases)
product, covering wind turbine hubs and bases, gearbox | gray iron castings for energy
Steam turbine components for large
parts, thermal power generation exhaust casing, | use
. oon igi thermal power plants
injection molding machine (die casting machine) parts,
machine tools and other industrial machinery (air | High-grade ductile iron
compressors, printing presses, punch presses, ship | castings for _ injection | Plastic injection molding machines
machinery and so on). The Company has an annual | molding machines
casting production capacity of nearly 240,000 tons, and Large precision machine tools
is committed to providing customers with one-stop | High-grade ductile iron | Air compressors
purchasing services for vertical and horizontal | castings and gray iron | Ultra-large fast color printing press
integration, providing customers with casting, | castings for other | Medical equipment (cancer therapeutic
processing, spraying and assembly services. applications apparatus and Gama knife therapeutic
apparatus)
2020 2021 2022 Ad
Year
Domestic Export Domestic Export | Domestic Export
Item
sale sale sale sale sale sale
Castings for renewable
68.04% | 61.59% | 43.12% | 43.86% | 50.74% | 40.42%
energy
Castings for injection
13.00% | 28.38% | 23.74% | 43.78% | 24.62% | 42.24%
molding machines
Other castings 18.96% | 10.03% | 33.14% | 12.36% | 24.63% | 17.2496
Sales Volume of M ain Products
80%
%
70% 88.04%
61.59%
60%
43.86% 50.74%
50%
43.12% 43.78% 42.24%
40% 40.42%
33.14%
% 24.62%
30% 28.38% fo
23.74% 24.63%
20% 18.96% 17.34%
13% 12.36%
10.03% :
10% i | i i
0% |
Domestic Export Domestic Export Domestic Export
sale sale sale sale sale sale
2020 2021 2022
Castings for Castings for injection
Wh cnrewable energy Tl Mrolding machines Ml ther castings


ra

C Ronest Governance

Main Products and their Sales Territories

Territories

2020

2021 2022

Europe 18.63% 24.23% 22.50%
Chinese mainland 62.59% 59.29% 64.43%
America 6.69% 4.69% 1.35%
Asia 12.09% 11.78% 11.72%

Total

100.00%

100.00% 100.00%

Main Products and their Sales Territories

70.00%

pe

60.00%

62.59%

64.43%
59.29%

50.00%

40.00%

30.00%

18.63%

20.00%

10.00%

0.00%

24.23%
22.50%

HH 2020

12.09% 11.72%

6.69%

11.78%

4.69%

|| || 1.35%

Europe Chinese mainland America

Wi 2021 WH 2022

Asia


Honest Governance

Customer service process

Sign

confiden- Sign
tiality Quotation ea tract
agreement —

Customer
complaint
han

Account
recycle

Excellent Supplier Awards from Major Customers Customer Satisfaction Survey

The BU will conduct a customer satisfaction survey every half a year or
every year according to the relevant procedures and regulations of the
production unit where the customer's product is located. The BU will
confirm, summarize and analyze the customer feedback information
based on the [Customer Satisfaction Survey Form], and provide the same
to the head of each relevant unit for their information

In response to customer feedback, for each project that did not reach a
satisfactory score, each responsible unit will analyze the reason, correc-
tive and preventive measures, and call each relevant unit to hold
meetings for discussion whenever necessary. Customer satisfaction
increased year by year in the past 3 years.

(The following satisfaction survey scores are the average of each subsidi-

ary)
Customer satisfaction Customer satisfaction
Score Unsatisfactory Item 30% 39%
89%
1.Quality status
2.Bad countermeasure effort 89%
3.Cooperation during the development
period 88%
4.Technical support 28%
5.Quotation compatibility 87%
6.Timeliness of complaint handling 87%
7.Lead time compatibility 5
8.Rush order processing capability 87% 36%
For the above items, different customers 86% a
rated certain items as acceptable but
unsatisfactory. 86%
85%
85%

2020 2021 2022


3.6 Information security protection

Major Topics

Commitments

Goal

Responsible
_ Department/ _
Grievance Mechanism

Resources invested
in the current year

Evaluation
mechanism/outcome

Honest Governance

Operating performance

In order to execute the information security strategy developed by the corporate information security organization and
ensure internal compliance with information security-related standards, procedures and regulations, it is proposed to
establish the "Proprietary Information Protection Cornmittee of YEONGGUAN Energy Technology Group Co., Ltd.", chaired
by the top manager of the IT Division with the participation of top managers of HR, Sustainability Committee and Sales
Division, and appoint the head of the corporate information security group as the executive secretary, and the top manager
of the Audit Office as the observer; also hold meetings to review and decide on information security and information
protection guidelines and policies; and maintain the effectiveness of information security management measures.

For effective information security management, the corporate information security organization holds regular meetings
from time to time through the “Information Protection Promotion Team" covering each unit in Taiwan factories and
overseas subsidiaries, and based on the mechanism of Plan-Do-Check-Act (PDCA) management cycle to review the
applicability of information security policies and protection measures, and regularly report the implemented result to the
Proprietary Information Protection Committee.

1. [Planning Stagel: focus on information security risk management, gradually establish a complete information security
management system (ISMS), and promote each factory to continually pass the international information security manage-
ment system certification (ISO/IEC27001 and ISO/IEC15408), reduce enterprise information security threats from the
aspects of system, technology, programming and internal management, and establish confidential information protection
services that can meet the customer's need and reach the highest standard,

2. [Execution Stage}: build multi-layered information security protection, continue to introduce innovative information
security defense technologies, and integrate information security control and management

This mechanism is integrated and internalized in daily operating procedures such as software and hardware maintenance
and supplierinformation security management to systematically monitorinformation security and maintain the confident
ality, integrity and availability of important YGG assets

3. [Verification Stagel: actively monitor the effectiveness of information security management, measure and quantity
information security indicators based on the verified result

Analyze and conduct information security maturity evaluation through regular simulation drilling of information security
attack

4, [Action Stage]: based on review and continuous improvement, perform supervision and audit to ensure that the
information security regulations continue to be effective;

Based on the performance indicators and maturity assessment results, regularly review and take improvement measures
including information security measures, education training and publicity to keep important confidential information of
YEONGGUAN Energy Technology Group not leaked

Enterprise Information Security Organization

The “Enterprise Information Security Organization” established in 2022 had an information security group and an
information protection group to coordinate the formulation, implementation, risk management and compliance
assessment of information security and protection-related policies.

The Company regularly announces and promotes information security policies every year and fosters employees with
information security licenses;

eport the effectiveness of information security management, information security-related issues and directions to the Audit
Committee under the Board of Directors from time to time.

There were no information security incidents that affected the Company's operations or infringed customers' privacy during
the year.

47

C Ronest Governance

Information Security Risks and Countermeasures

The Company has established comprehensive network and computer-related information security
protection measures, but there is no guarantee that its computer systems controlling or maintaining
important corporate functions such as the Company's manufacturing operation and accounting can
completely avoid cyber attacks from any third-party vendor’ s paralyzed system. These cyber attacks
illegally invade the Company's internal network system, disrupting the Company's operations and
impairing the Company's goodwill. The Company continuously reviews and evaluates its information
security regulations and procedures to ensure their appropriateness and effectiveness, but there is no
guarantee that the Company will not be affected by new risks and attacks amid the ever-changing infor-
mation security threat. Cyberattacks may also attempt to steal a Company's trade secrets and other
confidential information, such as the proprietary information of customers or other stakeholders and the
personal data of the Company's employees.

Malicious hackers can also try to import computer viruses, destructive software or ransomware into the
Company's network systems to interfere with the Company's operations, blackmail or extort the Compa-
ny, gain control over the computer system or snoop on confidential information. These attacks may
cause the Company to compensate customers for delays or interruptions in orders; or to bear huge costs
to take corrective actions and improvement measures to strengthen the Company's network security
system; also cause the Company to bear significant legal liability in relation to legal cases or regulatory
investigations resulting from the leakage of information from employees, customers or third parties who
are obliged to keep confidential.

Enterprise Information Security Proprietary Information Protection
Organizational Structure Committee Structure

Chairperson

Proprietary Information Protection Committee

Chairperson:
Top Manager of the Group IT
Division

Production technology,
information and
business risk management

Board of
Directors

Executive Secretary:
Information Security

Organization Manager
(Deputy Manager of IT
Division)

Observer:

Enterprise Information
Audit Office Manager

Security Organization

Audit
Committee

Legal Risk
Control
Manager

(presetting)

‘Sustainable ER
Manager

Information
Protection Group

Information
Security Group

Development
Manager


CHAPTER
FA

Sustainable environment

4.1 Energy management

4.1.1
4.1.2
4.1.3
4.1.4
4.1.5
4.2 Waste

Energy use

Energy management strategy
Energy intensity

Energy conservation measures

Emission of GHG

management

4.3 Sustainable supply chain

YEONGGUAN GROUP

OXXWXMMOEXLCY OO XxX YO yn » yn yyy ny ns


<< ae Environment

YGG is the premier supplier of castings for worldwide major wind turbines, injection molding machines,
machine tools, industrial machinery and other equipment manufacturers. Since investment in Chinese
mainland in 1994, YGG has actively cooperated with the governmental policies of transformation and
upgrade, continuously optimizing production technology, updating production equipment to shift from
manufacturing the simplest product to manufacturing the top end product, and then entering the field of
“high-end equipment manufacturing service industry"

In the meantime of transformational development, we pay more attention to the balanced development
of safety, environmental protection, employee occupational health and social benefit (the Company's
subsidiaries have been accredited 1S09001:2015, 1SO14001:2015, 1S045001:2018 and the like relevant
certifications). In the future, we will continue to take EHS as the core of our operation, promote and
establish a sustainable development system for upstream and downstream enterprises, customers,
employees and the like stakeholders.

YGG has always been upholding the eco-friendly and sustainable development approach in operating
the Company; and has taken corresponding control measures in energy, GHG emissions, water manage-
ment, waste, etc., to reduce their negative impact on the environment as much as possible.

Significance to the
Company

01

YGG's operations continued to grow. In order to avoid a proportional increase in total GHG
emissions, strict energy conservation and carbon reduction measures must be taken internally
to meet the customer's demand.

02 Policies/Commitments

Save energy and reduce carbon emissions.
Comply with laws and regulations, save energy, improve energy efficiency and keep improving.

ee

03 Target

@ Add more solar power systems.

(e) Improve energy efficiency and continuously reduce the energy consumption per ton of product produced. |

Responsible Department/
Grievance Mechanism

04

Energy Conservation Leadership Group. ——{

05 Evaluation mechanig

Energy Review Report.

——

06 Specific strategies

@ An |SO50001 energy management system is established for effective energy management and to
achieve goals of energy conservation, carbon reduction and continuous improvement.

@ The energy consumption per ton of product produced (G4/t) is the management indicator and electricity is
mainly used to achieve the goal of effective consumption of electricity and make process improvement to
reduce overall energy consumption by increasing the material yield and the utilization efficiency of molten iron.


C stainable Environment

4.1 Energy management

As an advanced manufacturing enterprise with complete industrial chain services for production,
processing, coating and R&D of large-scale casting product, we have main equipment including medi-

um-frequency induction furnaces, sand mixers, s|

hot blasting machines, shakeout machines, mold

baking machines, advanced CNC processing equipment, etc., as well as hundreds of production auxilia-

ries such as air compressors, heat pump units, cl

illers, cranes, etc., providing key components for

large-scale equipment for energy sectors, industrial machinery, injection molding machines, general

purpose equipment for upstream customers in the i

ndustry chain of machinery and the like.

Operation Base 1S050001:2018 management system certification

YGS YGL Yes yew
Ningbo Lulin Machinery Jiangsu Bright Steel Fine | Shanghai No. 1 Machine Tool
Casting Co,, Ltd Machinery Co., Ltd Foundry (Suzhou) Co,, Ltd.

Ningbo Yongxiang Foundry
Co, Ltd

The Company is growing in line with the principles of "energy efficiency", "low carbon" and “environment
protection", and actively responding in energy conservation and carbon reduction, protecting global
environment, fulfilling CSR, abiding by energy management regulations, continuously improving energy
performance and achieving energy goals and objectives; conducting regular reviews, certification and
evaluation in compliance with |SO50001 energy management system to meet the need of operating
bases, and has established an energy management system and an energy-conservation leadership group
to be engaged in energy management and regularly convene relevant divisions to inspect and analyze
energy usage status, and utilize systematic management to master energy management effectiveness of
each process equipment and further propose optimization schemes.

4.1.1 Energy Use

The main energy consumed by the company is electricity, natural gas and diesel. Electricity is mainly
used for all categories of casting equipment, machining equipment, travel cranes, air compressors and
other electrical equipment in the entire process; natural gas is mainly used for ladle baking ovens in the
casting processes of each factory and the coating processes of each factory; diesel is used for transport
vehicle. Water is mainly used as cooling water compensation and water for office and domestic use.

Ener;

Sm ram zoM ay) | tote | Totalnaural gas, | Totalenerey.
2020 26,724.67 267.85 695,152.87 998,513.63
2021 26,624.73 306.69 856,242.35 1,002,201.62
2022 29,255.83 317.36 749,809.80 1,093,719.85

Standard energy unit
Electricity conversion coefficient (equivalent): 1.229tce/10,000 (kW  h) Diesel conversion coefficient (equivalent): 1.4571tce/t
Natural gas conversion coefficient (equivalent): 12.143tce/10,000m* (tce) = 29.3GJ (net calorific value) = 7,000MCa (| megacal)

IEA and UN Statistics Division-adopted tce for conversion.


Co stainable Environment

4.1.2 Energy management strategy

The main energy used by the Company is electricity, accounting for more than 90% of the factory's
energy usage. In order to improve the utilization efficiency of electricity resource, we have invested in
implementation of real-time power operation monitoring systems in some subsidiaries to achieve scien-
tific, economic and orderly consumption of electric power. Our goal is to reduce electric power consump-
tion and electricity demand on the basis of reasonable and effective use, improve power use efficiency,
optimize resource allocation, while improving and protecting the environment and achieving minimum
consumption of electric power.

In addition, in order to promote the further electricity management of the Company, a corresponding
energy-conservation management system has been formulated to achieve the energy-conservation goal:
achieve safe, economical, efficient, clean and orderly use of electric power.

Real-time operation monitoring system for electric power consumption

© Operating parameters monitoring:
Real-time acquire and store electrical parameters such as voltage, current, effective power, reactive power and
power factor of each circuit; real-time upload information such as alarm signals, transformer temperature and
indoor temperature and humidity,

@ Data display:
Display the voltage, current, effective power, reactive power, power factor and other parameters of each circuit
on the primary-side circuit diagram, and additionally display the real-time demand and monthly maximum
demand. In addition, display the high voltage cabinet switch position, alarm signal, transformer temperature
and indoor temperature and humidity on the corresponding position.

@ Historical data query:
In addition to text and numbers, power consumption-related information can be presented with charts as
needed and data within 5 years can be queried on a daily basis.

© Energy consumption indicators:
The energy consumption of important equipment and processes can be reduced according to the time frame
and indicators of each enterprise under the Group and by improving the operation management of electrical
equipment.

Monitoring

example |
System diagram
interface

Sd eS ET |
24D fIBIHI2023-06-20)

Historical
curve

Interface


Sustainable Environment

(BB AE SHES ate) + (BBRERE RE BITRE)

nergy management-related regulations — Jiangsu Bright Steel Fine Machinery Co., Ltd
[Energy Conservation Management Evaluation Measures] and [Interim Regulations
on Energy Conservation and Consumption Reduction]

No. YGB-GL-018
Management Regulations ~
Py wR Version Ver. 1
Interim Provisions on Energy Conservation and Consumption |_Date of Issue 2021.10.15
Reduction Page No. Page 3 of 6

1 General:

In order to further clarify responsibilities, standardize management, and achieve the purposes of saving energy and reducing
consumption and increasing economic benefits, the Interim Provisions are hereby formulated according to the actual situation.
2 Scope:

‘The Regulations is applicable to all employees of the Company and outsourced personnel stationed in our factory.
3 Responsibilit

3.1 The head of each department/unit of the Company shall be the superintendent in charge of energy conservation and
consumption reduction in their dependent territories, divide the AOR of power cut and the staff responsible for each AOR, and
execute the Administrative Regulations to the letter.

3.2. The Management Division is responsible for separation of duties in power cut of office buildings, formulating power cut
standards, the implementation of which shall be checked by security guards, reviewed by the Management Division and proposed to
the relevant responsible person for handling.

The factory manager shall conduct spot check on the implementation,

3.4 The utility unit of each factory shall be responsible for check on power cut and energy conservation effect of the workshop after
work to ensure the safety of electricity consumption and save energy.
4 Implementation:

4.1 Economize on electricity

4.1.1 The responsible persons and reviewers must be clearly defined for the electrical appliances (including power sockets, power
switches, etc.) of each factory and each unit, All divisions shall specify the requirement for power cut after work, set up a power cut
schedule after work, and cut off power in time after work.

4.1.2 The last person leaving each unit shall be the person in charge of power cut after work, and uniformly check the power cut of
all electrical appliances in the office. Except for the power supply to road lighting, fire fighting f
other appliances and facilities shall be powered off after work and the power cut control form shall be
on site before leaving

cilities

and monitoring facilities, all
ed in to confirm no problem

4.1.3 When the work on any single equipment in each factory is finished or the equipment is overhauled, the operator shall switch off
the power, and hang the tag of "No Switching On' on the operating handle of the switch. The key equipment should be locked in the
distribution box (cabinet). If the equipment does not work for half a day or longer, the main power switch of the equipment must be
tumed OFF.

4.1.4 Each production unit should schedule their production reasonably, put high energy-consuming equipment into concentrated
production as much as possible, formulate specific control measures, maximize utilization of peak, valley and average periods for
reasonable control, try to increase the load rate and reduce the energy consumption per unit product to reach the required indicators
of the Company's annual energy conservation and consumption reduction.

4.1.5 It is required to specify the person in charge of power cut after work and the reviewer for each production line; after work or
during the meal break, power should be cut off in time. If the production line equipment cannot be powered off for a short time,
auxiliary electrical facilities such as lighting and fans of the production line should be powered off in time.

4.1.6 The Cleaning Team of the Management Division shall be responsible for after-work _power-cut of lighting in public areas such
as corridors, toilets and locker rooms, and setting after-work power-cut schedule to cut off power in time after work.

YEONGGUAN ENERGY TECHNOLOGY GROUP

53


Sustainable Environment

No. YGB-GL-037
Administrative Regulations
<@ Version Ver.
a
‘Measures for Evaluation of Energy Conservation Management (for Trial Date of Issue 2021-02-10
Implementation) Page No. Page 3 of 8

1 General

In order to better launch energy-saving activities, improve employees’ awareness of energy conservation, promote
the technological progress of energy management, improve production management and increase the economic
benefits of the Company; encourage and mobilize the enthusiasm of all employees for energy conservation,
planned energy use and energy conservation, the Company shall commend and reward any division and individual
who have made remarkable achievement in energy conservation through energy conservation incentive
mechanism.
2 Range
Applicable to activities of the Company in management on energy consumption of electricity, water, natural gas
and other resources.

3 Responsibilities

3.1. Responsibilities of the Utility Unit

a. Be responsible for maintenance and repair of energy-consuming equipment, facilities, lines and pipes, and
technological transformation for energy and water conservation, and adopting state-of-art energy-saving
technologies, processes, equipment and materials as far as possible, and it is forbidden to adopt technologies,
processes, equipment and materials explicitly eliminated by the State so as to meet the relevant requirements of
national industrial policies and energy management.

b. Gradually achieve water and electricity metering for convenience of accountability and evaluation in
different zones (such as office building, machining division, casting division, steel structure division, workshop,
ete.);

c. Organize the formulation of relevant management systems for water and electricity conservation, and
supervise their implementation;

d. Guide the production workshop to strengthen maintenance and daily service of equipment for planned
preventive repair in a planned way, reduce the failure rate of equipment and improve the equipment availability;
the production division should cooperate with the workshop to optimize management of process parameters,
reduce fault, improve the operation factor and output per machine-hour, and decrease power consumption of
operation process.

3.2 Responsibilities of the Production Unit

The Production Unit shall reasonably schedule the Company's production, effectively control the start-stop time of
some major power-consuming equipment, manage to improve the load rate and reduce its unit power consumption.
The start-stop of main production equipment shall be uniformly scheduled by the production unit according to the
production plan, so as to balance the power load of the whole company. The personnel on each power
consumption position must obey unified command, so as to save electric energy and expenses to the maximum
extent.

3.3. Responsibilities of Other Units

Each unit shall be responsible for taking measures of water, electricity and gas conservation in their own
division/zone, as well as inhibiting and eliminating waste.

4. Operation Control

4.1 Technological progress for energy conservation refers to improvement and innovation made in equipment,
tools, process technology, ete., which can save water, electricity and energy for the Company after
implementation.

42 The Utility Unit shall formulate all energy consumption indicators: comprehensive energy consumption,
electricity consumption per unit product (kw.h/unit output), water consumption per unit product (t/unit output),
natural gas consumption per unit product (m’/unit output), etc.

YEONGGUAN ENERGY TECHNOLOGY GROUP


C stainable Environment

4.1.3 Energy intensity

Production and Total energy | Totalenergy | Total energy
energy consumption Casting (t) Machining (t) Spraying (t) consumption consumption for) consumption
for casting (GJ) | machining (GJ) |for spraying (GJ)|

189,793 86,842.36 123,774.04 852,300.02 47,545.40 42,392.71

200,495 106,451.54 120,483 904,584.64 49,037.95 38,785.2

208,017 97,581.87 132,688.04 969,018.10 45,763.96 38,694.75

YEONGGUAN Group
Energy intensity . .
Energy consumption per Energy consumption per unit Energy consumption per

unit casting (GJ/t) machined (GJ/t) unit sprayed (GJ/t)
449 0.55 0.34

451 0.46 0.32

O47 0.29

Energy consumption per unit casting (GJ/t) = Total energy consumption of casting (GJ)/Casting output (t)
Energy consumption per unit machined (GJ/t) = total energy consumption for machining (GJ)/Machining output (t)
Energy consumption per unit sprayed (GJ/t) = total energy consumption for spraying (GJ)/Spraying output (t)

Energy Intensity — Case of Jiangsu Bright Steel Fine Machinery Co., Ltd.:

Regarding the improvement of energy consumption management per unit of energy, take Bright Steel
Fine Machinery Co., Ltd. as an example, as illustrated with the following 2 indicators, since Bright Steel
Fine Machinery Co., Ltd. implemented 1S050001-2018 System, energy consumption required to produce
each unit of product has decreased year by year.

Calculation Standard

It is calculated according to the local standard in the place of operation (Chinese Mainland - Jiangsu
Province), with the comprehensive energy consumption limit and calculation method of comparable
unit of iron castings.

1. Analysis on energy efficiency level of key energy-consuming equipment (electric furnace)

Indicator Unit 2020

pert procuctotcene ween kwh/t | 529.57 | 525.28 | 519.12 | <580 520

Statistical description,

Numerator: Total electric power consumption of electric furnace
Denominator: Output of molten iron produced

Note: Energy management and controlcommencedin —
2019, so the energy consumption required to produce
each unit of molten iron has decreased year by year.


C stainable Environment

Analysis on energy intensity level of secondary energy consuming unit
(comprehensive energy consumption of equivalent product)

Indicator

1
Comprehensive power consumption kwh/t 122.75 117.98 113.99 <255 <210

per unit output of molten iron

Statistical description,

Numerator: equivalent coal (electricity, oil and natural gas) for production

Denominator: equivalent output (equivalent output = actual output xK1xK2xK3xK4)
Complex correction coefficient for iron castings (K1):0.95
Correction coefficient for iron castings (K2): 100kg~5,000kg=1;>5,000kg=1. 02 |
Correction coefficient for iron casting material (K3):1.05
Correction coefficient of cast iron melting method (K4): 0.9

4.1.4 Energy Conservation Measures

In energy conservation, as production line is increasing
year by year, electric power consumption is also rising.
Therefore, we pay more attention to energy conservation
and carbon reduction measures and efficient use of

energy, and have saved a total of 92,217.91G for the past 2020% 40,930.61
three years." Since 2018, energy-conservation measures

of the Group (GJ)

£
have mainly been energy-conservation renovation of 2021 32,713.27
equipment, phased elimination of high-energy-consuming
motors, increased solar power generation, etc.; as equip- 20224 18,574.03
ment energy-conservation renovation has been gradually
improved and high-energy-consuming motors have been veo Dongguan Yeong Guan Mould Factory is
phased out, the total annual energy conservation is gradu- not included in these data

ally declining from 2020.

Note: The energy conservation calculation method is illustrated as follows:
Energy Conservation Measures — Case Study of Each Factory:

| 01) Phase out high-energy-consuming motors in batches A\\Y

Case of Ningbo Lulin Foundry: by elimination of 30 high-energy-consuming units, saved
energy of approximately 77103.36kwh per year.

culation meth

10xY2-160L-2 motors replaced with YE3-160L-2, with efficiencies of 92.4% and 90% respectively
4xY2-160M-4 motors replaced with YE3-160M-4, with efficiencies of 91.4% and 88% respectively
8xY2-160L-4 motors replaced with YE3-160L-4, with efficiencies of 92.1% and 89% respectively

8xY2-160M-2 motors replaced with YX3-160M-2, with efficiencies of 91.3% and 89% respectively.

Single-day Energy Conservation: (92.1%-89%)*18.5*10+ (91.4%-88%)*11KW*
4+ (92.1%-89%)*15*8+ (91.3%-89%)*15 *6)*18H=223.48KWH
Annual Energy Conservation: 223.48KWH *30D*11.5=77103.36kWh


Sustainable Environment

Case of equipment energy-conservation improvemen \\\

Case of Bright Steel Fine Machinery Co., Ltd.: original 3 power-frequency air compressors (1x75KW/2x120KW)
for variable frequency regulation; 3 variable-frequency air compressors (1x75KW/2x110KW) renovated for
energy conservation in 2021; annual energy conservation is approximately 1,212,560kWh.

@ Power consumption of 3 power-frequency air compressors: (75kW+120kW+120kW) X 8,000h=2,520,000kWh

© Regulation rate of variable-frequency air compressors: (77.2m?/min-60.8m3/min) +29.6m?/min X 100%=55.4%
Annual power consumption of variable-frequency air compressors: (75kW+110kW+110kW) X 55.4% X 8,000h=1,307,440kWh
Total annual power consumption of new air compressors: 2,520,000kWh+1,307,440kWh=1,212,560kWh

| 03} Case of equipment use monitoring and rational use of electricity \\

Case of Ningbo Lulin Foundry:

The electric furnace control room is equipped with water temperature and water pressure flow switch alarm
to monitor the temperature of the furnace body and switch the small pump for cooling in advance; and
annual energy conservation is approx. 6,727.5kWh.

There are a total of 3 furnace heat exchangers, including a large pump of 18.5kW and an emergency water
pump of 5.5kW, which can be switched 0.5h in advance.
Annual Energy Conservation (electricity): 3*(18.5-5.5)*0.5H*30D*11.5M=6,727.5kWh

| 04) Case of air compressor waste heat recovery \\\

Case of Jiangsu Bright Steel Fine Machinery Co., Ltd.:

As important production equipment of this Company, air compressors will consume a large amount of electric
power every day, but most consumed by air compressors will be converted into heat energy, which can be
taken away by fans or cooling water to ensure the performance of air compressors. Under normal operation
at a certain temperature, 2x110kW variable-frequency air compressors are used for energy-conservation
transformation to recover heat for the purpose of heating or domestic water.

Add a thermostat to control the output
water temperature to be constant.
Add a heat exchanger to convert heat.
Annual energy conservation is approx.
924,000kWh.


CO stainable Environment

| 05} Case of equipment energy-conservation improvement \\\

Case of Jiangsu Bright Steel Fine Machinery Co., Ltd.: an additional more solar power project was
commenced in October 2022 and the total power generation was 348,485kWh as at December 2022.

| 06} Case of workshop lighting improvement

Case of Jiangsu Bright Steel Fine Machinery Co., Ltd.: rearrange the —\y, positions of lighting
fixtures according to the usage of workspace at the site and engage professional designers to accurately
calculate the lighting to meet the need of work at the site and reduce the number of integral luminaires
used, in this way, power and energy consumption can be saved at least by 50% and the illuminating
brightness can be improved. 450W metal halide floodlight (Thermostats) replaced with 150W LED
module mining lamp and 150W LED high bay lamp. Approx. 1,200 lighting fixtures replaced.

Calculate Energy Conservation based on the one-to-one
replacement ratio of LED lamp:

Electric power consumption of metal halide floodlight in one
year before replacement:

One electric lamp consumes 0.45kWh per hour. There are
1,200 lamps in total, used for 8h a day, with an average of
22d in a month, 11 months calculated and rounded up to
one year; 0.45kWh*1,200*8h*22d*11m= 1,045,440kWh.

Electric power consumption of LED lamp after replacemen:
in one year:

One electric lamp consumes 0.15kWh per hour. There are

1,200 lamps in total, used for 8h a day, with an average of

22d in a month, 11 months calculated and rounded up to

one year; 0.15kWh*1,200*8h*22d*11m=348,480kWh.

Energy saved in one year once replaced by energy ‘Effect after improvement of
saving lamp: factory lighting system
1,045,440kWh-348,480kWh=696,960kWh

>

v


4.1.5 Emission of GHG

Co stainable Environment

In order to respond to global warming and effectively mitigate the impact of climate change, the Compa-
ny has actively promoted energy conservation and carbon reduction. Perform [GHG Organizational
Inventory System] emission source identification in cooperation with the place of operation, establish
activity intensity data, emission data, formulate GHG inventory-related management procedures and
other steps to calculate GHG emissions. The Company's GHG inventory-taking include some direct emis-
sions/GHG emissions directly generated by assets self-owned or operated (Scope 1) and energy indirect
emissions from purchased power/GHG generated by the Company's purchased power (Scope 2) and
corporate emission from operating activities. Due to the increase in production capacity of each factory,
total GHG emissions (Scope 1 and Scope 2) in 2022 was 134,853.08 mt of carbon dioxide.

YoB YGA
YGA yep Y6s von
Jiangsu Bright Shanghai No.
Yeng Chen Dongguan Nin Annual total
n Steal Fine “ Ea NingboLulin | 1 Machine
Asia Pacific YEONGGUAN | —Yongxiang
Machinery Tool Foundry
2020 2,880.34 48,620.00 11,717.73 27,097.04 21,922.37, 25,960.00 138,197.48
2021 3,672.27 41,638.00 10,539.40 32,227.49 21,748.46 25,328.87 135,154.49
2022 321221 43,836.29 10,080.31 28,960.42 21,575.08 27,188.83 134,853.08

The data shall be the result of each subsidiary's own inspection and third-party verification will be completed within the time-frame when
Taiwan Financial Supervisory Commission has promulgated the "Sustainable Development Roadmap of Listed Companies’

I

KR

L

A

Me


Co stainable Environment

4.2 Waste management

Significance to
01 the Company

Waste generated in the production process is a major factor causing environmental
impact. YGG focused on reducing the environmental impact caused by waste in the spirit of
sustainable development and regulatory compliance and as required by stakeholders.

——

02 Commitment

Reduce waste generation, properly dispose of waste and
protect the earth's ecological environment.

ee

Short-term goal

UK

Properly dispose of waste to avoid causing environmental pollution;
with hazardous waste disposal rate of 100%.

Medium and
04 long-term goal

Reduce the generation of general industrial waste; replace hazardous chemicals

in the manufacturing process and enhance employees’ environmental awareness.

Evaluation

Responsible Department
06 mechanism

05  /Grievance Mechanism

Safety & Health ————} Number of environmental
Office. pollution occurrences.

Employee Complaint Box.

—

Specific strategies

07

(o) All important raw materials in the precision casting process are recycled to reduce waste generation,
reduce waste disposal cost and achieve the concept of resource recycling.

@ The Company also has established the "Waste Disposal Operation Standard", which has stipulated waste
storage, removal and treatment processes, and selected qualified waste removal and treatment vendors to
ensure that valuable waste can be recycled and reused, and priceless waste can be properly disposed to
avoid environmental pollution for sustainability.

® 1S014001-related measures have been established for environmental consideration and risk assessment
to maintain the principle of environmental friendliness.
Note: excluding Yeng Chen Factory.


Co stainable Environment

YGG is committed to protecting the environment by compliance with environmental protection laws and
regulations in each place of operation, and accredited with ISO 14001 environmental management
system for waste removal, treatment and disposal in accordance with waste disposal operation
standards, and committed to optimizing its waste management practice to achieve the best result and
optimal environmental and economic benefits.

1.Waste identification

YGG, in compliance with environmental protection laws and regulations in each place of operation, has
formulated relevant measures and procedures to manage and control waste, has been committed to
optimal waste management with the basic requirement of fully understanding the status of waste output
and the goal of reducing output and achieve the optimal environmental and economic benefits.

2. Waste classification

There are differences in identification of hazardous
and non-hazardous substances in different places of
operation; for the present, the Group has divided
waste into general industrial waste and hazardous
industrial waste.

General industrial waste mainly includes:

Waste sand ash generated during the sand treatment
process of foundry production, slag generated during
the electric furnace slag removal process, etc. These
wastes, once classified, shall be recycled by
outsourced and qualified cleaning companies.
Hazardous industrial wastes mainly include:

a.Paint residue, waste solvent, waste paint bucket,
zinc ash from waste gas treatment equipment, filter
cotton, waste activated carbon, etc. generated in the spraying process.

b.Waste cutting fluid, waste oil, etc. produced in the machining process. The Company has taken strict
management measures against them, including storing them in containers in compliance with laws and
regulations and handing them over to qualified waste manufacturers for treatment.

3.Waste storage

The Group stores waste in separate zones by categories. Hazardous industrial waste is stored in a dedi-
cated warehouse in strict compliance with regulations on warehouse management and managed by
dedicated personnel. Each container is regularly cleaned and maintained to be suitable for storing waste
and has been taken safety measures against fire, leakage, rain and explosion. General industrial waste is
stored in a separate location and must comply with relevant safety and environmental risk management
procedures, such as sprinkling water to prevent dust, etc. to keep it clean and safe.

4.Waste disposal

The Group has taken different methods of waste disposal. Take resource recycling methods internally
and seeking services of waste recyclers to handle all categories of waste and minimize waste generation.
For example, recyclable materials, such as rare metals or aluminum, are reused through recycling or
refining. Solid hazardous waste will be handed over to qualified manufacturers for processing and some
general industrial waste will be reused and produced by qualified recyclers to become a form of energy,
etc


Co stainable Environment

5.Waste recording and reporting

The Group has established a complete waste information management system by recording the treat-
ment process and the quantity and type of waste. In addition, each type of waste is recorded in detail,
such as the time of generation, location, type, quantity, treatment method and disposal method, etc.
These records must be accurate to ensure legal compliance and subject to supervision and review by
competent authorities; generate reports regularly and collaborate to maintain and update solid waste
discharge information at any time.

2. Collection of training and improvement proposals

The Group values each employee's suggestions, conducts training and improves proposal collection
activities and continues to optimize waste management measures. In addition, education and training
briefings are held regularly to educate employees on all waste management measures, waste identifica-
tion skills, including relevant information updates, ecological protection measures, analysis and judg-
ment, etc., let employees know more about how to dispose of waste, and actively participate in all
environmental protection activities and make suggestions

YGG fully incorporates waste management into its operating indicators to ensure that each subsidiary
comply with environmental protection regulations in the place of operation, minimize the impact on the
environment during the Company's operation, and achieve the balance between environmental protec-
tion and economic benefit.

Total categories of waste | 2020 Unit: ton | 2021 Unit: ton | 2022 Unit: ton

Waste sand ash 31,983.97 30,180.81 33,280.09

General
industrial Slag 4,004.5 4,875.16 3,904.29
waste

Waste cutting fluid

Waste mineral oil

Waste paint bucket

Hazardous Zinc ash

industrial waste > d
(Note) aint residue

Filter cotton

Organic solvent

Waste activated carbon

Depending on different regulations of the place of operation, except for waste sand, ash and slag, the rest of the listed items are classified
as hazardous industrial waste in Chinese mainland,


Co stainable Environment

For the present, the Group has divided waste into general industrial waste and hazardous industrial
waste (note). General industrial waste is handed over to qualified service providers for recycling and
reuse. The current recycling methods are detailed as follows: waste sand is used to make municipal road
bricks (permeable bricks) ), slag can be used in cement plants, etc.; hazardous industrial waste should be
handed over to qualified waste disposal agencies for incineration.

Waste disposal General industrial waste Hazardous industrial waste (Note)

methods

Off-site regeneration (t) Off-site incineration (t)

35988.47 479.77

35055.97 437.89

37184.38 403.09

Depending on different regulations of the place of operation, except for waste sand, ash and slag,
the rest of the listed items are classified as hazardous industrial waste in Chinese mainland.

Methods of Waste Disposal

38,000

37,500

37,000

36,500

36,000

35,500

35,000

34,500

34,000
Unit:

BB Off-site BB Off-site
regeneration incineration

ton 33,500 9 @
20202 2021 2022% ° vy
a


or

stainable Environment

4.3 Sustainable supply chain

Sig! ance to
the Company

01

By managing and improving the environmental, social and economic benefits of the §———————__
entire supply chain, the Company can conserve resources, optimize processes, innovate products,
save cost, improve efficiency and enhance corporate value

——

02 Commitment

Establish long-term partnerships with suppliers/contractors and simultaneously integrate ESG ——1
principles through management mechanisms such as training, evaluation and appraisal, coaching,
and sharing resources, establish a more resilient operating model, promote collaboration among
partners, and communicate the concept of sustainability throughout the supply chain to pursue
coexistence and common prosperity.

ee)

03 Short-term goal

Medium and
long-term goal

04

Supplier sustainability a Meet the need of users, reduce cost and
statement recovery achieve profit.

Evaluation

Responsible Department i
Mechanism

/Grievance Mechanism

05

Purchase Division ——— In combination with online
procurement, the cost of each link in the supply
chain is reduced and transaction time is shortened.

—

07 Specific Strategies

@ On-site audit of main raw material suppliers and
optimization of original suppliers.
Development of new suppliers for unified purchase based on
quantity for the goal of reducing cost by more than 3%.


Co stainable Environment

The Company has maintained good relations with all partners throughout the supply chain. For suppliers
and contractors, in addition to high quality and work safety, on the arm's length principle, all of our
suppliers and contractors are required to comply with environmental protection, occupational safety
and health, and human rights protection requirements, and 100% reach the supplier evaluation
standards prescribed by the Company. All of our suppliers and contractors are required to pass written
evaluations. If necessary, on-site evaluation is required and only those who are qualified in the evaluation
can be included in the list of cooperative vendors after archiving.

The Company has planned to hold regular meetings with suppliers every year. In addition to ensuring
their quality, cost, delivery and service capabilities, we also urge them to make concerted effort in
environmental protection, response to climate change and information disclosure, labor rights protec-
tion, etc. , to fulfill our joint CSR. We expect to grow together with our suppliers, achieve mutual benefit
and establish a long-term and stable supply chain. Whenever necessary, suppliers and contractors will be
evaluated every quarter. Suppliers and contractors, in case of subsequent overdue deliveries, poor quali-
ty or violations of work safety regulations, should be included in the manufacturer evaluation mecha-
nism, and the purchaser would evaluate whether to have them rejected so as to select high-quality
vendors suitable for long-term cooperation with us. The Company also requires suppliers to comply with
relevant laws and regulations of the place of operation for every purchase, including: manufacturer's
industrial safety qualifications, ISO certification of conformity, hazard notices and diagrams marked with
goods... and other standard conditions.


CHAPTER

Social Care

5.1 Employee Profile
5.1.1 Human rights protection
5.1.2 Employee Statistics
5.2 Let Right People Do Right Things
5.2.1 Compensation and Benefits
5.2.2 HR Development
5.2.3 Labor-management communication
5.3 Occupational safety and health
5.3.1 Occupational safety and health management

5.3.2 Employee health management and health
promotion

5.3.3 Measures against Occupational Safety and
Health Impacts
5.4 Public Welfare Participation od Gers]

7
YEONGGUAN GROUP.

OOM YONOOOOMOOM&MOYYNYXWNMNMNYMMYOOOOMOMOOONAA


om Care

5.1 Employee Profile

YGG is people-oriented and committed to creating a non-discriminatory working environment and
important guidelines of cultural literacy. Each factory is committed to no discrimination in payroll on
grounds of race, color, age, gender, sexual orientation, ethnicity, disability, pregnancy, creed, political
affiliation, association membership or marital status. All management policies are based on laws and
regulations enacted by local governmental authorities in each workplace as the highest guideline, and
will be modified and adjusted immediately when their applicable laws and regulations change. The Com-
pany attaches great importance to the labor rights of its employees; in order to create a safe workplace
environment, the Company provides them with friendly and equal work opportunities, follows gender
equality policies and creates an atmosphere of mutual respect; and also provides market-competitive
compensation to increase their attachment to the Company, reduce the frequency of personnel turnover
and allow the Company's operation to develop steadily; we have a complete education and training
system and hold various training courses from time to time to enrich their professional functions and
enhance their competitiveness in the workplace; create a transparent promotion channel allowing them
to anticipate future possibility of career development; with positive labor-management interaction,
employees can speak freely and express their opinions in labor-management meetings and the Compa-
ny can make response in good faith to achieve labor-management consensus; in addition, the imported
1SO45001 OSHMS has strengthened our management performance in occupational safety and health,
effectively protect the physical and mental health of employees; while achieving a great result in revenue
performance, we also continue to invest in public welfare activities, take care of disadvantaged groups
and fulfill our social responsibilities in active compliance with the Group's policies

5.1.1 Human Rights Protection

YGG regards employees as its most important assets, provides them with a good work and environment,
complies with labor-related laws and regulations in each place of operation, supports and follows the
"UN Universal Declaration of Human Rights", "UN Global Compact", and International Labor Organiza-
tion “Declaration of Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work" and other international human rights
principles, treat and protect all current employees with dignity, including contractual workers, interns,
etc. In 2022, no operating bases of the Company violated relevant labor-related laws and regulations.

eile

Human Rights Policy


Co hcia Care

The recent years witnessed YGG's increase of its factory production demand, which has driven the Com-
pany's revenue growth and increased its demand for HR significantly. The Company provided an average
of nearly one thousand job opportunities and with our competitive compensation level, a number of
outstanding talented people joined us in recent years.

5.1.2 Employee Statistics

Specifically, all employees have entered into non-fixed-term contracts with us (that is, all are full-time
employees), in which, the Company has provided a long-term and stable work pattern, allowing them to
devote themselves to work without worries, and to help protect their economic lives.

Secondly, the ratio of female employees in 2022 increased year-on-year since 2020. The Group's employ-
ees can be divided into direct personnel and indirect personnel. Due to the nature of production line
operation, the majority of direct personnel are men; indirect personnel are mainly engaged in R&D, QA
and sale. As for the age distribution, in the past three years, whether direct or indirect, employees aged
under 50 accounted for about 85%. This means that YGG employees are mostly middle-aged and the
human structure is stable with no gap, and young teams are led by senior managers with practical experi-
ence

The proportion of local talented people hired by YGG as executive officers in its operating bases contin-
ues to increase, which shows that the Company is willing to cooperate with local communities to discov-
er and attract outstanding talented people to work locally. This can help win the recognition of local
communities and further improve local economic conditions.

Statistic Data/Year

Number of employees 2,445 2,354 2,285

Non-fixed- Non-fixed- Non-fixed~| eg term
Employment contract term Fixed-term term Fixed-term term ftsaresatan
(full-time) | (part-time) | (full-time) | (part-time) | (full-time) | ‘Part time

Male 2102 2,002 0 1,951

Gender
Female 343 352 0 334

Number of employees Ratio of Female Employees

M2020 M2021 M2022 M2020 M2021 Ml 2022

The statistic data are based on the EOY balance.

Full-time employees refer to those whose working hours in a week reach the upper limit of legal working time;
part-time employees refer to those whose working hours in a week do not reach the upper limit of legal working
time and only work part-time, such as training students, part-timers, etc.


Socia Care

Staff Structure Chart

Research institute

Educational
Colleges and universities 3 21.27% 4 36.36% 5 45.45%

Background
High school or below

Research institute

Educational
Colleges and universities 28 137% 590 25.06% 260 11.38%

Background
Other raz | th29% | 1160 | 49.28% | 1614 | 70.63%

Employees
Male 190 10% 188 799% at 8.36%
Gender
Fernale 233 953% 237 room | 219 9.58%
Indirect

Research institute 7 0.23% 8 034% u 0.48%

Educational
Colleges and universities 238 9.73% mA 10.37% 224 9.80%

Background

Other

The calculation method is detailed as follows:
* Percentage of fernale directors = (number of fernale directors at the end of the year/number of
directors at the end of the year)*100%.
* Percentage of direct personnel aged under 30 = (EOY total number of direct personnel aged under
30/EOY total number of employees)*100%.
* Percentage of indirect personnel with graduate degree = (EOY total number of indirect personnel
with graduate degree/EOY total number of employees)*100%


Cia Care

Gender ratio of directors in 2022

Mal
i Female

91% 9%

Gender ratio of employees in 2022

Hi Mal
i Female

77.16 %

8.36% 9-58 %
4.90 %
Direct personnel Indirect personnel
Age ratio of employees in 2022
1,400
1,200 1,183
1,000
800
600
400 354 309 338
200
Ls || .
0
Under 30 Over 30 but under 50 Over 50


Socia Care

New Employee Statistic Chart
Under 30 118 32.60 % 109 24.66 % 125 30.49 %
Age Over 30 but under 50| 131 7.73% | 117 7.64% 90 6.03 %
Over 50 2 0.52 % 2 0.52% 2 0.52%
Male 233 | 11.08% | 205 10.23 % | 200 10.24 %
Gender
Female 18 5.25% 23 6.55% 17 5.14%

The statistic data are based on EOY (12/31) total number of employees

New recruit rate = (total number of new employees in this specific category in the current year/EOY total

number of employees in this specific category) *100%.

* For example, the rate of new female recruits = (total number of new female employees in the current
year/EOY total number of female employees) "100%.

Turnover rate = (total number of employees of this specific category who resigned in the current
year/EOY total number of employees of this specific category) *100%.

* For example, the turnover rate of employees aged under 30 = (the total number of employees aged under
30 who resigned in the current year/EOY total number of employees aged under 30) “100%,

In recent years, YGG's hired non-employee personnel made contribution to the Company, including security personnel,
kitchen and kitchen personnel, professional and technical personnel, and process outsourcing operators

Statistic Data/Year

Total number of

non-employee workers 501 539

Contract Type __| Dispatching | Other Type |Dispatching| Other Type | Dispatching | Other Type

Male 8 418 0 382 36 434

Gender

Female 6 65 0 69


SociaCare

5.2 Let Right People Do Right Things

Sound HR are the key to the sustainability of YGG. In order to attract outstanding talented people, the
Company offered market-competitive compensation and benefits, and rewarded employees with
outstanding performance and long-term contribution. The Company upheld the concept of equal treat-
ment for all people, planning a transparent evaluation and reward/punishment system, creating a
positive atmosphere of fair competition among employees, so that they were willing to invest more in
their work, the corporate culture of YGG was further shaped to attract and retain talented people; and
they were more committed to the Company and actively participated in the Company's affairs;secondly,
in promotion channel, if the Company's promotion information is transparent and open, employees with
good performance can be afforded promotion opportunities, so as to drive all colleagues to learn the
atmosphere of bench-marking and the Company can keep cultivating more outstanding talented
people; and arrange further education and training programs for personnel, in this way, colleagues can
continue to grow in their respective professional fields and realize self-fulfilment; finally, YGG also has
multiple channels to communicate and talk with employees, so that they can reflect their opinions in a
timely manner and the Company can also make response in good faith, thus maintaining harmonious
trust and interaction between labour and management.

Responsible
Department/
Grievance
Mechanism

Responsible Department: HR
Grievance Mechanism: labor-management meeting/grievance mailbox

Significance:

Raising employee compensation and benefits can strengthen their sense of identity with the Compa-
ny, improve work efficiency, and increase both corporate revenue and their personal wealth.
Policies/Commitments

We regard employees as the cornerstone of sustainable development of the Company and deeply
protect labor rights through “compensation and benefit system", “diversified communication

channels”, "employee care project” and "health management and promotion".
Goal:

@ Average monthly employee turnover rate <5%.

@ Key personnel and outstanding talented staff retained
Performance in the current year:

@AIl employees are subject to the annual MBO and performance evaluation result as the basis for job promotion,
salary adjustment, bonus payment, employee development, training need, etc.

DEMETauts © In addition to protecting the rights and interests of employees by law, the Company has specified benefit manage-

mechanism ment measures to state all employee benefits and rights for implementation accordingly, in which employees can
fully reflect their need to the corporate management for improvement, joint maintenance and creation of a good
working environment;
Convene regular labor-management meetings to establish an effective communication mechanism and promote
labor-management harmony.

© Organize year-end gratitude and commendation meetings, annual domestic/overseas employee travel activities,
quarterly departmental dinners, festival and birthday gifts, presents for weddings and funerals, maternity allowances
and the like subsidies.

@ For all companies affiliated to the Company within the territory of Taiwan, in accordance with the Labor Pension

Regulations of Taiwan, the Company will contribute 6% of the monthly salary to pensions on a monthly basis, which
is saved in labor's individual pension fund account.
All companies affiliated to the Company within the territory of Chinese mainland pay monthly pension insurance
premiums at the rates stipulated by local laws and regulations to take care of the lives of retired employees. Pension
insurance is included in social insurance (including medical care, maternity, pension, work-related injury and
unemployment) in accordance with local social insurance operation methods. The Company has begun to fulfill its
obligation to pay pension insurance premiums after completing the social insurance increase procedures for
employees.

@Q All employees of the Company can be subject to performance evaluation

Effectiveness

Ciontiencn Performance evaluation coverage of 100%.


SociaCare

5.2.1 Compensation and Benefits

YGG determines Employee Compensation based on the annual Percent Goal Met in operation and the Compa-
ny's profit performance, and provides employees with compensation packages higher than those specified in
local laws and competitive in the market. In order to ensure that employees’ performance at work can be
appropriately reflected in their personal emolument, all employees of YGG are caused to undergo regular
performance and career development assessment, the result of which will be taken into consideration for their
career advancement and development, so that those with special technical expertise can grow into profes-
sionals in this field through their own efforts, and those with management capabilities and leadership poten-
tial will also be promoted the management, in this way, a broad space for career development can be provided
for all employees.

On the whole, YGG's employee payroll increase is based on change in rank and compensation, with personal
service years, academic experience and professional competences as the main considerations. Personal phys-
ical or psychological differences are not used as the ground for discrimination in determining the payroll.
Employees who have worked for the Company for a longer time will become more proficient in industrial
knowledge and experience, so the Company is willing to share its profits with them. The specific results show
that the average and median annual pay to employees in non-supervisory positions in Taiwan have increased
year by year, so that they can dedicate their talent to the Company with no worries in their personal financial
life, in this way, their cohesion and sense of belonging to the Company can be improved

Secondly, YGG distinguishes between direct and indirect personnel among employees of different genders, of
direct personnel, the basic pay to men and women is slightly the same and the overall compensation gap
between men and women is narrowing year by year; as for indirect personnel, the difference between basic
pay and total compensation between men and women is due to the fact that men are mostly engaged in R&D
and sale, while women are mainly engaged in administrative and service positions, as well as the difference in
seniority. However, YGG will also start to improve the compensation gap between them in order to implement
the principle of diversity and equality in workplace. In addition, as for compensation to front-line personnel,
the standard payroll of YGG’ s direct personnel, regardless of gender, is higher than the local minimum wage

Furthermore, in order to promote the work efficiency of employees, YGG provides them with multiple fringe
benefits and a comfortable office environment. By organizing all employee benefiting activities from time to
time, they can not only reduce work stress, but enhance good interaction with colleges.

Full-time employee

benefiting program Mlustration

Target all employees including foreign employees)
Insurance Content term insurance, crtcaliliness, accidental injury, accidental medical treatment, hospitalization medical
insurance and cancerhealth insurance, etc.

Group accident
insurance

. Inaddition to labor health insurance and social insurance in accordance with laws and regulations of the place of
Festival bonus ‘operation, the Company also provides travel accident insurance when traveling overseas. Employees traveling overseas
also purchase accident insurance at our public expense, so that they can enjoy more complete protection.

Insurance benefits | Based on the Company's annual operating performance/individual performance.

Year-end bonus Based on the Company's annual operating performance/individual performance.

Regular health check-up | Conduct physical health check-up forall employees in service oncea year

. a Provide employees with special leave, marriage leave, bereavement leave, official leave, maternity leave, sick leave,

Marriage, childbirth | menstrual leave, personal leave, parental leave and family leave for expatriates returning to Taiwan. When employees or

and vacation their relatives get married or die, the Company will give a congratulatory gift or solatium and lactation rooms have been set
upin the workshop to provide females with breast-feeding during their working hours.

Birthday and festival gifts (coupons)

@ Pen annual party activities and organize all travel hikes, competitions and campaigns every year to enich the
physical and mental well-being of employees.

© For each dedicated employee who has served for more than 10 years, a certifcate/trophy willbe issued as a token
of appreciation.

Living Benefit

@ Wealallowance for employees’ dailymeals.
Q Regularinspection on restaurant ingredients.
Employee meals  Siaffcanteens at some operating bases invite employees to form a catering committee to select catering contractors
and jointly participate in menu design, as well as supervision of meal quality and environmental hygiene.
seasonal dishes wil be launched during special holidays and extra dishes during the Spring Festival to express
gratitude to employees for their hard work.


01

Statistic data

Employee childcare

statistic data/year Gender

Number of employees eligible for childcare leave | Female

Number of employees who should be reinstated

after childcare leave (A) Female 7 ul 10
Number of employees actually reinstated after

childcare leave (B) Female ul 10
(including those early reinstated)

Reinstatement rate (B/A) Female 100,00 % | 100.00 % | 100.00 %
Number of employees reinstated upon

expiration of childcare leave (C) Female 3 7 6
Retention rate (C/B of previous year ) Female

100.00 % | 100.00 % | 100.00 %

Reinstatement rate = (total number of employees actually reinstated in the current year/total number
of employees who should be reinstated in the current year) *100%.

SF

of employees actually reinstated in the previous year) *100%,

efined benefi

For YGG operating bases within the territory of Taiwan, in accordance with the Labor Pension Regulations
of Taiwan, the Company will contribute 6% of the monthly salary to pensions on a monthly basis, which is saved in
labor's individual pension fund account.

AILYGG operating bases within the territory of Chinese mainland pay monthly pension insurance premiums at the
rates stipulated by local laws and regulations to take care of the lives of retired employees. Pension insurance is
included in social insurance (including medical care, maternity, pension, work-related injury and unemployment) in
accordance with local social insurance operation methods. The Company has begun to fulfill its obligation to pay
pension insurance premiums after completing the social insurance increase procedures for employees

Retention rate = (total number of employees remained in service 12 months after reinstatement/number

6% of the pension will be transferred each month to each employee's personal pension account of the
Bureau of Labor Insurance according to their insurance class.

SociaCare

on Care

Staff dorm

Staff canteens

Staff dorm


SociaCare

5.2.2 HR Development

Responsible

pyrene Responsible Department: HR Grievance

(HEETESME Mechanism: labor-management meeting/grievance mailbox
Mechanism

Significance:

Providing employees with relevant training opportunities can increase their professional perfor-
mance, so that their functions and corporate operation performance can continue to grow together

Policies/Commitments

We actively input resources in recruiting and training outstanding talented people with potential
and provide a competitive compensation system and a benefit system that can meet the need of
employees to attract and retain suitable personnel to create a better future together.

Goal:
@ The average number of employee education and training hours reached 24
Performance in the current year:

@ The education and training system includes six categories: new recruit training, professional
competency training, on-the-job training, technical personnel training, EHS education and

training, and reserve managers training.

An operation and management meeting will be held every week to discuss the Company's

development strategy, financial status, world economy and industrial trend to conduct team

management and build consensus to enhance centripetal force.

© New recruits will be given at least 12 hours of education and training courses, which include
corporate rules and regulations, human rights policies, good faith and ethics promotion,
service rules and disciplines, ISO quality system/quality awareness, corporate management
system introduction, general liberal training on labor safety and health

© The Company has made an “annual education and training plan" based on the positions and
competences of employees to systematically foster all-round professional and technical
talented people, as well as good employee ethics and social care awareness

© We pay attention to their personal career development, and encourage them to take the initia-
tive in lifelong learning through the implementation of annual training plan, provision of public
holiday training and financial subsidies, and keep pace with the times to improve all compe-
tences so that they can develop according to their own talent.

@ 8y designating mentors for new recruits, we can improve their professional skills, organization-
al integration capabilities and teamwork spirit. Through "mentoring and passing on experi-
ence”, we will build a good working and learning atmosphere and foster talented personnel
needed to meet the need of enterprise development

Management [i2)
mechanism

Effectiveness
of evaluation

Average annual number of education and training hours

For YGG, the key to sustainability is that employees can continue to learn and grow. Education and training are
an important way to ensure that human capital can continue to add value. Therefore, YGG has always attached
great importance to employee training. The holistic strategy of learning and development is based on
on-the-job training, mainly through internal self-training, supplemented by external training, with new recruit
training, professional training, and supervisor-level training as the mainstay, to achieve the annual goal and
meet the need of different business and to establish a sound education and training system.

In order to enhance the professional skills of employees, YGG makes training plans every year to meet the

76


SociaCare

Company's need of development and to achieve the goal of training, so that they can go further in their careers
and the Company can also enjoy the result brought from their growth and progress; and then achieve continu-
ous inheritance of functions and experiences through internal training to relevant divisions, assist them in
formulating their direction of learning and development, and use them as a basis for them to plan their person-
al career.

When a new recruit is enrolled, specially-assigned staff will educate him/her on the Company's internal rules
and regulations and occupational safety-related knowledge, and then his/her own division will provide
him/her with special training. YGG actively encourages its employees to take professional courses within the
scope of their business, focusing on their continuous growth, and provide multiple learning channels so that
they can develop their professional skills and make their own achievement. Each division will make and imple-
ment their own education and training plan to meet their own need every year. Employees further education
is divided into internal and external training. For internal training, each division will arrange personnel to teach
their staff within their division to meet the actual need of business; for external training, each division will
submit an application based on their own business need, and once the application is approved, designated
personnel will be selected to participate in courses organized by external institutions. Staff members trained
will be assigned to share their training experience with other peers in their division, so that relevant personnel
can apply what they have learned meet their practical need. In response to the trend of diversified education
and training in recent years, in order to expose employees to more information from different aspects, YGG
encourages them to participate in language, social communication, legal courses, etc. organized by external
organizations.

Although COVID-19 epidemic is still impacting in 2022, in order to protect the health of employees and avoid
crowd contact, in addition to the training required by laws and regulations, YGG will continue to hold relevant
training courses as usual and supplemented by other online education and training. Overall, the average
number of training hours per employee has been growing year by year, among employee categories, direct
personnel are involved in more content due to factory production line operations, while indirect personnel are
mostly engaged in administration, procurement, environment protection, safety and health, and require
different specialized continuous training, so direct personnel receive more training hours than indirect person-
nel

Average number of training hours for employees Average number of training hours per employee in 2022
;
30.74 (by category)
23.28 33.35
17.24
a i a "

M2020 M2021 MM 2022 BRA AR

a, Average numberof training hours fr ll employees is (total number of training hours forall employees in the current

year/EOY total number of employees)
‘Average number of training hours for each category of employees is (total number of training hours for employees of
this category in the current year/EOY total number of employees of this category)

Number of | Total
Receive regular performance evaluation employees | number of | Percentage
evaluated | employees

Male 100.0%

Female 100.0%

Direct 100.0%

Employee Category

Indirect 100.0%

The following personnel will not be evaluated
Chairperson of the Company and Chairpersons of Eastern China/Southern China regions
2. Specially appointed personnel (persons with physical and mental disabilities).
3 intern
4. Those who have no attendance record during the period of evaluation.
5, Project outsourcing personnel


Cia Care

5.2.3 Labor-management communication

Smooth communication between labor and management can help promote labor-management cooperation,
allowing employees to understand the Company's production plan, business overview and market conditions,
and letting the Company's management keep abreast of employees' working condition, and build a friendly
workplace based on the need of employees. YGG abides by laws and regulations, with internal personnel
management also in compliance with local labor laws at each operating base; holds labor-management meet-
ings on a regular basis by law. YGG management representatives including the General Manager, corporate
governance director and HR manager are assigned to coordinate labor relations and organize regular
labor-management meetings; promote labor-management cooperation through mutual communication and
dialogue, allowing employees to express their opinions and seek improved working conditions from the Com-
pany, and effectively improving labor status.

In addition, YGG has established an effective employee communication mechanism to debrief and adopt
reasonable opinions and suggestions from employees and other stakeholders in an all-round way at all levels
and through multiple channels, summarize them in a timely manner and make serious improvement, and
cause multiple divisions to co-promote continuous improvement of work standard and management efficien-
cy; and multiple communication channels have been set up to encourage employees to directly make their
reasonable suggestions on the corporate management, quality control, work safety, cultural construction, etc.
through the General Manager's mailbox, email, writing, WeChat and symposiums. The Company has set up
bonuses for rationalization proposal, giving a certain amount of reward to employees who make suggestions
which are adopted by the management. Through two-way communication, they can fully express their
opinions and the Company can respond in a timely manner and convert their suggestions into policies one by
one for implementation. Therefore, labor relations in YGG were harmonious and no labor dispute occurred in
the past years.

In order to further protect labor rights and interests, the Company, in strictly compliance with relevant laws
and regulations of the place of operation and to meet the current need of each operating base, established the
trade union committee, under which an expenditure review committee and a female employee committee
were elected and formed. Issues of concern to employees, such as working hours, employee safety protection,
employee benefits, training and promotion, and protection of women’ s rights and interests, are discussed in
the form of an employee representative conference so as to comprehensively protect labor rights and inter-
ests.


Chia Care

5.3 Occupational safety and health

Significance to the
Company

01

YGG provided employees with a healthy and safe workplace environment,
allowing them to work with peace of mind, reduce risk costs and increase
productivity.

—_——

02 Commitment

Prevent injuries and diseases, establish a safe and comfortable working environment, and —
continue to care for the health of employees.

——
03 Short-term Goal

Strengthen industrial safety management, implement various risk assessment
operations and move towards the goal of zero disaster.

Medium and Long-
term Goal

04

Improve high-hazard risk process engineering and replace =—___
hazardous chemicals in the process.

Evaluation

Responsible Department/ 06 fechas
echanism

05 Grievance Mechanism

Safety & Health Office. Number of occupational —
Employee Complaint Box. hazards.

rs

Specific strategies

07

@ Perform hazard identification and risk assessment, identify risks following SOPs and take management
measures.
Regularly perform working environment monitoring on noise, lighting, carbon dioxide, organic solvents, specific
chemical substances and high-temperature workplaces to ensure work safety.

@ Regularly conduct employee health check-up and drive health promotion activities to provide a healthy and
friendly workplace environment.
Continue to conduct safety and health education and training and share accident investigation cases to
strengthen employees’ occupational safety skills and knowledge.
Assess on-site operation safety, including factory inspection, contractor construction management, on-site
mechanical equipment safety protection and PPE safety.


Co hcia Care

In order to effectively manage and control occupational safety and health risks in factories and improve
a healthy and safe working environment for workers, an OSHMS was established in 2018 and accredited
with 1S045001:2018 certification in 2019, covering all employees and contractors of the Company.

5.3.1 Occupational safety and health management

YGG has established "Hazard Identification and Risk Assessment Management Regulations" to conduct
hazard identification and risk assessment, and plan relevant improvement measures based on the
scored risk level to reduce operational hazard and improve workplace safety. In response to occurrence
of occupational disasters and accidents, we have taken complete response measures; in accordance
with the "accident investigation and notification management standards" formulated by the Company,
classified accidents and incidents properly to initiate corresponding investigation procedures; and also
taken corrective actions to avoid occurrence of similar accidents in the future.

In accordance with occupational safety and health regulations, the Company has established an Occu-
pational Safety and Health Committee and assigned 10 labor representatives for response to employee
opinions, who are scheduled to meet a quarterly basis to review machinery/equipment/raw materi-
al/material hazard prevention measures, operating environment monitoring plan, accident investigation
and on-site safety and health management performance and so on. The OSH Committee have the
decision-making authority. In addition to employees, other workers, if having opinions to express, can
direct them to the manager of the business unit; and issues collected will be proposed for discussion on
the meeting.

The types of occupational injuries occurred at YGG's premises in the past three years have mainly been
fall wound, cut wound, entrapment and tumbling. Every time when an accident has occurred, relevant
investigations will be immediately launched to strengthen on-site infrastructure equipment and man-
agement system.

Employees/Non-employees - Occupational injuries and diseases statistics

Year 2020 2021 2022
Total number of employees within
the Group Headcount 2,445 2,354 2,285
Total working hours experienced 5,105,160 4,915,152 4,771,080
Fatal accidents caused by Headcount 0 0 0
occupational injuries
(Note 1) Proportion 0 0 0
Serious occupational injury Geen 1 0 2
(Note 2) .
Proportion 0.1959 0.0000 0.4192
Recordable occupational injury |Ne#dcount 64 62 69
(Note 3) :
Pigpanilan 12.54 12.6141 14.4621

Note 1: Ratio of fatal accidents caused by occupational injuries: Number of fatal accidents caused by occupational
injuries/total number of working hours experienced *1,000,000

Note 2: Ratio of serious occupational injuries = number of serious occupational injuries/total number of working hours
experienced “1,000,000

Note 3: Ratio of recordable occupational injuries = number of recordable occupational injuries/total number of working
hours experienced “1,000,000

Note 4: YGG’ s occupational injuries scale control system is: A - death, B1 (serious injury}, B2 (minor injury), Category C,
Category D, Category E (the data herein excluded Category D and E, the annual report is: AtB1 +B2+C+D.


Chcia Care

Statistics of occupati diseases type

Type/Year ae 2020 2021 2022

Bump and fall 17 12 14
Other injuries 4 5 10
Mechanical damage 8 10 7

Types of occupational injuries
Lifting injuries 17 18 17
Traffic accident 0 4 4
Burn and scald 7 2 3

Type of Occupational Disease Noise damage 1 1 0

In order to establish a safety culture and enhance employee safety awareness, the safety and health office will
regularly produce safety and health promotion documents for distribution every month, including accident inves-
tigation and case sharing with peers. In addition, work-related internal or external training on safety and health
will be held regularly. The Company will assign professional lecturers or provide training at its public expense,
effectiveness of which will be confirmed by test, practice or issuance of training certification.

5.3.2 Employee Health Management and Health Promotion —

In accordance with labor health protection rules, the Company has established labor health practitioners (note
the establishment does not include operating bases in Chinese mainland) to organize regular training, establish
employee health files and provide employee health consultation. Sufficient first aid kits and other emergency
equipment are provided in all factories according to hazard risk zoning for employees to use in emergency rescue,
and specially-assigned personnel are responsible for regularly updating and replenishing the content of the first
aid kits

Allemployees of YGG are entitled to regular health check-up every year, and the occupational health administrator
will make follow-up health management plans based on the result of check-up.

In order to care for the physical and mental health of employees, YGG has formulated and implemented a materni-
ty protection plan to protect the health and safety of female employees in the workplace during their pregnancy
and within one year after childbirth; an overload prevention plan to prevent employees from working during shifts.
and in the nighttime and cardiovascular disease problems caused by long working hours; an unlawful infringe-
ment reporting and handling plan to avoid the risk of employees being harassed and bullied; a human hazard
prevention plan to avoid musculoskeletal diseases caused by repetitive movements during work. Corresponding
improvement measures are regularly taken based on the evaluated result and actual situations. In addition, the
Company will plan health promotion activities every year to provide employees with health support.

Women's Day activities Outdoor development activities


wn
Loe &

fA
é%

a

Fun games "Cool Summer" campaign during hot seasons

Occupational safety officers from the Safety and Health Office will collect major occupational safety issues that
occur domestically and among peers from time to time, and submit them to the Occupational Safety and Health
Committee for discussion, review whether there are similar problems or risks in the factory, and summarize the
current work progress, invite employee representatives to make suggestions and arrange work plans and
improvement directions for the next stage; secondly, the Group pursues the concept that "| want to be safe and
keep all safe", timely discover and report hidden workplace hazards, commend and reward outstanding person-
nel in making improvement on monthly meetings; in external construction management, hold a "toolbox meet-
ing" to inform and train employees on occupational safety and health precautions before mobilized to the factory
for construction; at the production site of workshop, conduct Kiken Yochi Training (KYT) on employees before
each shift every day to enhance the risk awareness of all employees.

Occupational Safety and Health Committee Improvement Proposal Outstanding
(with the participation of employee representatives) Employee

“Tool Box Safety Briefing" for Contractors Daily morning meeting KYT
Admitted to the Factory (Kiken Yochi Training)

Care

Ccia Care

5.4 Public Welfare Participation

with investors, employees, local communities and other stakeholders. YGG exerts its influence to fulfill CSR by
attracting new ideas, making important contributions to national economic construction and social employment.
We cooperate with local communities at each operating base to ensure that resources can be provided to those
who truly need help. In addition to participating in public welfare in its own name, YGG also donates funds to the
charitable foundation established by the group for the purpose of charity in the fields of partner assistance,
supporting farmers and agriculture, and educational poverty alleviation. By gathering the kindness of everyone,
the most effective use of resources is committed to making society a better place.

Support Educational Poverty Alleviation

The Company has always stayed true to its original aspiration and committed to spreading positive energy for
public welfare, fully supporting the development of education, striving to alleviate poverty through education,
and contributing to the development of education in China

Bese pr

ane Oe

On the morning of May 29, 2022, the Qijiashan Street Family Planning Association held the "Yilu Qijia Chunxuan
Tongxin" third-generation student aid ceremony for special families in birth control at Punjiang Academy. Ningbo
Yongxiang Foundry Co., Ltd. donated a scholarship of RMB 60,000 on the ceremony, encouraged and blessed 8
students who were donated, expecting them to be diligent and self-reliant. This campaign not only brought
warmth to special families, letting them feel the true love of the world, but also reflected the unshirkable social
responsibilities and tasks of YGG

Pri

ject 2 i i i :

Early in the summer vacation, on July
15, 2022, in order to care for minors and
solve the worries of parents, Dongsheng
Village launched an initiative in conjunc-
tion with Shanghai No. 1 Machine Tool
Foundry (Suzhou) Co., Ltd., adhering to
the concept of "public interest + volun-
teering" to co-support minors to realize
their "Colorful Holiday Dream" for joint
operation by the Village and their
schools.


C cia Care

On July 7, 2022, Mr. Xue Jingi, Labor Union Chairperson of YEONGGUAN Bright Steel Fine Machinery Co., Ltd., on
behalf of the Company, paid a concentrated visit to 35 underprivileged students with excellent academic perfor-
mance from primary and secondary schools in Tianmuhu Town, and delivered the Company’ s warmth and care
to them, expecting them not to feel inferior nor give up due to family difficulties; encourage those aided to face
difficulties bravely, establish a positive and optimistic attitude toward life, work hard proactively and strive to
change their families through their own effort, and encourage them to become talented for a promising future,
learn to live and be grateful, and become a useful and independent person to society once grown up.

bd

%,

Project 4

On the morning of May 17, 2022, Ningbo Yongxiang organized employees to inspect and clean up the green belts,
street lights, utility poles, roads and the like points in and around Huanghai Road factory. They worked in coopera-
tion with a due division of labor, putting their picked garbage together in the nearby trash can and do their part to
create a comfortable and clean working and living environment! This Campaign not only beautified the park
environment with both hands, raised environmental awareness, practiced the concept of ecological civilization,
but strengthened personal quality and
cultivation as well. Everyone involved
expressed that it is their unshirkable respon-
sibility and obligation to care for environ-
mental sanitation, co-create a model city of
civilization and share the achievement of
civilization


appendix

Appendix I GRI Content index table

* for major topics

theme

Disclosure project

Project description

chapter

pagination

Omit reason/
necessary
explanation

Organization
and
Reporting
practice

Activity and
worker

governance

Strategy
and policy
And
practice

Stakeholders
agree

GRI 2: General Disclosure 2021

21 Organizational details 2.1 Company Profile P.20

2-2 | Organize the entitiesincluded in the continuing story Editorial policy P.03

2-3 Reporting period, frequency and contact person Editorial policy P.03

2-4 Information recompilation Editorial policy P.03

2-5 External assurance/assurance Editorial policy P.03

2-6 Events value chains and otherbusiness relationships 2.1 Company Profile P.20

2-7 employee 5.1.2 Employee Statistics P.68

2-8 Workers who are not employees 5.12 Employee Statistics | P.68

2-9 Governance structure and composition 3.1 Governance practice P.30
2-10 Nomination and selection of top governance units 3.1Governance practice | P.30
2-11 Chairman of the highest governing body 3.1 Governance practice P.30
2-12 _ | Terk ofthe highest Feerercet in overseeing 3.Governance practice | P.30
213 Responsible for shock management ‘sohaioceecn | poe
2.14 _ | Merole ofthe highest faa oem sustainable | T. Performance Deloprnent |p og
2-15 Conflict of interest 3.1 Governance practice P.30
2-16 Communicate key events 3.1Governance practice | P.30
2-17 Group ie areas highest governance une 3.1Governance practice | P.30
2-18 the highest governance unit 3.1 Governance practice P.30
2-19 Compensation policy 3.12 FunctionalCommittee | P.32
2-20 Compensation determination process 3.1.2 Functional Committee P.32

Confidentiality
221 Percentage of total annual compensation Eoligtexmum yea ota
company information

2-22 Statement of sustainable development strategy Operator's word P.O1
2-23 Policy commitment 51 ituman fights Petecton ber
2-24 Incorporation of policy commitments 51 Q ue en tightebretection pe
2-25 Incorporation of policy commitments 3.14 Ethical integrity P.30
2-26 | Amechanism for seeking advice and raising concerns 3.1.4 Ethical integrity P.30
2-27 Regulatory compliance 3.3 Compliance P.30
2-28 Membership in a public association 24 Pane oe onione | | P40
2-29 Stakeholders agree on the policy 1.2 Identify stakeholders P10
2-30 Collective agreement 32 af Tarabemen | P.7B | nogoup aprecmentstgned

communication


appendix

Omit reason/
necessary

theme Disclosure project Project description chapter pagination explanation
GRI 3: Major Themes
3-1 The process by which major topics are decided 1.4 Identify significant topics | P.13
3-2 List of major topics 14 Identify significant topics | P.13
Omit reason/
necessary
theme Disclosure project Project description chapter pagination explanation

Economic side
* Operational performance

GRI3:

Majortheme Mie Major topic management 3.4 Operational Performance | P.41
2021

201-1 Major topic management 3.4 Operational Performance | P.41

Financial impacts and other risks and opportunities

GRI201: 201-2 arising from climate change 3.2 Risk Management P.36
Economic
performance [Ame] Define benefit plan eb tgations and other 3.2 Risk Management P.72

2016
Not applicable /2022

201-4 Financial assistance from the government. No government subsidies

x Ethical integrity

GRI3:
Major theme 3-3 Major topic management 3.1.4 Ethical integrity P.35
2021

Operations where a corruption risk assessment

205-1 has been conducted 3.1.4 Ethical integrity PES
Communication and training on —
205-2 anti-corruption policies and procedures 3.1.4 Ethical integrity P.35

Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken 3.1.4 Ethical integrity

Security protection

Security

protection Information security risks and countermeasures 3.6 Security Protection P.47

Omit reason/
necessary

theme Disclosure project Project description chapter pagination explanation

Environmental surface

x Energy management

GRI3:
Major theme 3-3 Major topic management 4.1 Energy Management P.S1
2021


appendix

Appendix I GRI Content index table

*Be a major t'

theme

Disclosure project

eme

Project description

Energy consumption within the organization

Environmental surface

x Energy management

chapter

4.1Energy management

pagination

Omit reason/
necessary
explanation

302-2 Energy consumption outside the organization

GRI 302:
energy 2016 Meda Energy intensity 4.1Energymanagement | _P.51
302-4 Reduce energy consumption 4.lEnergymanagement | P.5S1

GRI3:

Reduce energy requirements for products and services

Waste management

Major theme Major topic management 4,2 Waste Management P.60
2021
GRI 306: 7 Waste generation has significant impacts
Cro 306-1 associated with waste 4,2 Waste Management P.60
Management
Race 306-2 Management of significant waste-related impacts 4,2 Waste Management P.60
aus | “* Waste generation 4.2 Waste Management P.60
waste 306-4 Disposal and transfer of waste 4.2 Waste Management P.60

2020

GRI3:

Direct disposal of waste

Sustainable supply chain

4,2 Waste Management

Major theme Major topic management 4.3 Supply Chain Management | P.64
2021
GRI 308: Use environmental criteria to screen
: - 4 hi P64
Supplier [eas peretactats 3 Supply Chain Management
environment h f ty ch A
Recorsimamt | 04> The negative impact of supplychainsonthee — | 43 snl chain M tl} Pp
2016 nvironmentand the actions taken tupply Chain Management | P.64
Omit reason/
. . , a necessary
theme Disclosure project Project description chapter pagination explanation

Council meeting

Compensation and welfare

GRI3: 5.2.1 Compensation
Major theme [EES Major topic management ‘and benefits P72
2021
Griao1: (aes New employees and former employees 5.11Employeestatistics | P.72
Labor-
Benefits offered to full-time employees 5.2.1 Compensation aA
cai Wy 4°12 | (notincluding temporary or part-time employees) and benefits
2016 52.1 Compensation
401-1 Parental leave ‘and benefits P72


theme

GRI 405:
Employee
diversity

Disclosure project

Project description

#88
ok aH BAY

Manage the diversity of organizations
and employees

chapter

5.1.1 Employee statistics

pagination

appendix

Omit reason/
necessary
explanation

and equal
opportunity
016

GRI3:
Major theme
2021

Ratio of women to men’s base pay plus pay

Occupational safety and health

Major topic management

5.1.1 Employee statistics

5.3 Occupational safety and
health

‘Occupational safety and health
management system.

53.1 Occupational safety and
heaith management

Hazard identification, risk assessment, and accident
investigation

5.3.1 Occupational safety and
health management

GRI 403:

Occupational health service

5.3.2 Staff health management
and health promotion

Occupational
safety Health
2018

Worker participation, consultation and
communication on occupational safety and health

5.3.1 Occupational safety and
health management

Management
Guidelines

Occupational safety and health worker training

5.3.1 Occupational safety and
health management

Worker health promotion

5.3.2 Staff health management
and health promotion

GRI3:
Major theme
2021

Prevent and iti Gee reiarel Sie) and health
‘0 business rela

tionships

impacts directly related

KAAS

Major topic management

5.3.3 Measures to prevent
occupational safety and
health impac

5.2.2 Talent cultivation

GRI 404:

Average number of hours of training per
‘employee per year

5.2.2 Talent cultivation

Training and
education

Upgrading staff functions and transition
‘assistance programs,

5.2.2 Talent cultivation

2016

Public
welfare
patticipation

GRI3:
Major theme
2021

Percentage of employees receiving regular
performance and career development reviews

Public welfare participation activities

Major topic management

5.2.2 Talent cultivation

5.4 Public Welfare Participation

4.3 Supply Chain Management

GRI 414:
Supplier

New suppliers are screened using
social criteria

4.3 Supply Chain Management

society

Negative social impacts in the supply chain
and actions taken

4.3 Supply Chain Management

evaluate 2016

88


appendix

Omit reason/
necessary

theme explanation

Disclosure project

Project description

chapter

pagination

Council meeting

Customer relationship

GRI3:
Major theme 3-3 Major topic management 3.5 Customer Relationship P.43
021
GRI 416: 416-1 _ | Assess the impact of product and service categories 3.5 Customer Relationshio | P43
Guetonen onhealth and safety
health and
secure2016 Jy Breaches of health and safety regulations relatingto 3.5 customer Relationshio | P43
products and services
GRI418:
Customer Complaints of confirmed violation of customer .
: 418-1 privacy or loss of customer data 3.5 Customer Relationship | p.43
privacy
2016


