SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
Savior Lifetec Corporation

2022 Sustainability Report
1
Savior Lifetec Corporation 
Sustainable Development Goals and Ambitions
Chairperson’s Ambitions
s
Dear stakeholders,
The brand spirit of Savior Lifetec Corporation (SLC) is faithfully reﬂ ected in its name in Chinese characters 
Song and Rui, which respectively symbolize “strength and endurance” and “shared fortune with the 
community.” Since its establishment, SLC has been committed to focusing its ingenuity to provide life-saving 
quality injectables for patients in need. We will always devote the same spirit to carefully developing sterling 
products, contributing to the wellbeing of the community and fulﬁ lling expectations for a wonderful life.
SLC’s pursuit of excellence also bolsters the Company’s value creation, especially in its business model and 
services. With our global presence being instrumental in acquiring critical technologies, the Company supplies 
active pharmaceutical ingredients and preparations of the carbapenems globally. SLC has successfully 
transformed and become the leading brand in the injectable pharmaceutical market in Taiwan. The Company 
also plays an important role in the global supply chain of the carbapenems!
Over the past two decades, Savior Lifetec Corporation has continued to flourish in drug research and 
development (R&D) and drug registration. In the future, we will endeavor to operate more sustainably by 
optimizing our manufacturing processes and seeking integration from upstream to downstream of the industry 
chain. The Company’s aspiration is wellbeing for all and to establish a lasting legacy, which will accompany 
us in further expanding into the health supplement area, making more positive impacts for the world. In 2022 
Savior Lifetec Corporation released its ﬁ rst sustainability report, unveiling the Company’s philosophy and 
long-term commitment to environmental protection and corporate social responsibility. To deepen our internal 
colleagues’ understanding of these ideas, the Company conducted education and training activities regarding 
ESG sustainability management. This further demonstrated the Company’s dedication and actions in respect 
to the environment, society and corporate governance.
The pandemic in the past few years brought global risks that affected all of us significantly. Therefore, 
climate governance and risk management were incorporated into our strategy and consideration to inform 
our sustainable operation. To this end, we adopted the framework formulated by the Task Force on Climate-
related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). This helped the Company address possible issues by developing risk 
management measures while seizing potential opportunities arising from the integration of the industry chain. 
We also made eﬀ orts to save energy use and reduce carbon footprint by improving energy eﬃ  ciency, reducing 
waste and minimizing our negative impacts on the environment. Looking forward, Savior Lifetec Corporation 
will continue to strive for innovative R&D and excellence. In the pharmaceutical and health supplement areas 
promoting human wellbeing, we will seek to enter new markets and broaden our business to drive steady 
growth of Savior Lifetec Corporation.
Savior Lifetec Corporation
Operation and Performance
Message from the General Manager
Dear Stakeholders,
It is our great pleasure to release the ﬁ rst oﬃ  cial sustainability report that 
publicly unveils non-ﬁ nancial information of Savior Lifetec Corporation. 
As the Company operates in an industry that life matters, top quality and 
safety have always been of our greatest concerns in developing our life-
saving solutions.
Year 2022 has been a critical year to SLC. In order to operate more 
sustainably, we sought to integrate from upstream to downstream of 
the industry chain and diversify our business partnership: we not only 
continued to work more closely with suppliers, but also collaborated 
with a range of partners to jointly expand global positions and presence. 
In order to enhance pharmaceutical research and development (R&D) 
quality and competitiveness, we reorganized the original R&D unit to 
become our wholly-owned subsidiary SLC BioPharm, which specializes 
in developing manufacturing processes for specialty upstream and 
downstream ingredients and preparations. Our expectation is to diversify 
SLC’s products. Simultaneously we completed the manufacturing 
process optimization of the plants located in Taiwan Science Park, not 
only bringing the advantage of economies of scale, but also achieving 
our environmental targets measured by the sustainability indicators, 
where our performance in resource use eﬃ  ciency and carbon intensity 
reduction immediately improved. In addition, SLC passed the regular 
inspection by FDA with a satisfactory result of zero failure. This 
illustrated our relentless commitment to excellence.
SLC believes that sustainable operations and production can only be 
achieved with quality products, strong corporate governance and reliable 
cooperation within the industry chain. In the future, we will expand our 
markets around the globe by continuously unlocking our advantages in 
R&D, manufacturing process optimization and economies of scale!

2022 Sustainability Report
2
2022 Achievements
Environment
Corporate
Governance
Social
  The plant in Southern Taiwan Science Park (STSP) 
completed its manufacturing process optimization,      
significantly reducing energy 
consumption, water consumption and 
energy intensity.
  The plant in Chunan and Taiwan Science Park 
complied with all regulations in preventing 
pollution from emitted air, wastewater, waste and toxic 
chemical substances.
  regulations in preventing pollution from emitted 
air, wastewater, waste and toxic chemical substances. 
Compared with 2021, waste solvents incinerated by 
third parties reduced by 49.4%.
  In 2022 adopted the framework 
formulated by the Task Force on 
Climate-related Financial Disclosures 
(TCFD), identifying impacts from climate change 
on operations while also proposing mitigation and 
adaption strategies.
  Granted the Silver Medal of the Happiest 
Employees Award by 1111 Job Bank
  Revised the “Procedure for Supplier Management,” 
requiring suppliers to endorse the 
“Supplier’s Commitment of Social 
Responsibility,” where the following issues 
throughout the supply chain are compulsorily factored 
in during supplier evaluation: labor rights, environment 
protection, occupational safety and health, business 
integrity and corruption prevention. In 2021, 32 
suppliers endorsed the commitment; in 2022, the 
examination of suppliers was formally launched. The 
Company and suppliers will jointly create a Force 
on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD), 
identifying impacts from climate change on operations 
while also proposing mitigation and adaption 
strategies.
  Quality management: passed inspections by 
the U.S. Food and Drug Administration 
(FDA).
  The Company approved “Risk Management 
Policy and Operational Procedures,” officially 
establishing a risk management 
approach.

2022 Sustainability Report
3
 Introduction to Savior Lifetec Group
Name of the Company
Savior Lifetec Corporation
Establishment Date
January 30, 2004
Total Capital Amount(
31.7 billion New Taiwan Dollars.
Over-the-counter listing date
September 8, 2015
Revenue in 2022
1,265,749 thousand New Taiwan Dollars.
Operational Headquarters 
350, No. 29 Kezhong Road, Zhunan Township, Miaoli County
Number of employees
A total of 311 people.
Company ownership and legal form 
Sungreen Pharmaceuticals was approved for listing on the over-the-
counter market in 2015. Its legal form is a "Limited Company," and the 
ownership of the company belongs to all shareholders.
About Savior Lifetec Corporation 
We take pride in providing life-saving medications!
Savior Lifetec Group is a leading specialist in carbapenem products and injectable pharmaceuticals. Its 
headquarters, Savior Lifetec Co., Ltd., is located in Zhunan, Taiwan. The company boasts state-of-the-art and 
vertically integrated production facilities, covering the entire process from sterile raw materials to ﬁ nished dosage 
forms. The high-standard facilities not only meet cGMP standards but have also successfully passed inspections by 
health authorities in Japan, Europe, and the United States. 
Additionally, the company has a cutting-edge research 
and development center that adheres to GLP standards, 
speciﬁ cally dedicated to API and drug development.
Savior Lifetec Group's 
Mission Statement

2022 Sustainability Report
4
  Primary products and economic 
performance
Specializing in sterile active pharmaceutical ingredients (API), the 
component of a medication that produces its health effects, and 
the injectables that contain these APIs, Savior Lifetec Corporation 
leads the world in developing relevant manufacturing processes and 
producing end products. SLC’s expertise and established techniques 
in sterile crystallization and sterile powder manufacturing serve 
as the foundation for innovation. Taking pride in manufacturing 
drugs that save lives, the Company is determined to produce 
quality products to address the needs of patients worldwide, while 
adding value to its employees, shareholders, and the Taiwan 
pharmaceutical industry in the creation of a healthier environment.
The Company runs five major businesses involving generic 
carbapenem antibiotics, generic injectables, generic controlled-
release drugs, new dosage form development and new drug 
development, including their APIs, excipients, intermediates and 
dosage forms. One of our primary products, meropenem, included 
in the WHO Model Lists of Essential Medicines, serves as the last 
line of defense in treating clinical severe infections. Meropenem, 
along with ertapenem, played an essential role in saving lives 
during the COVID-19 pandemic.
SLC’s research, development and manufacturing activities are 
based in Taiwan, while the products are distributed globally. In 
2022, our ertapenem products were marketed in over 20 countries, 
including the United States, the United Kingdom, Spain, Russia, 
Turkey, Egypt, Latin American countries, Southeast Asian countries 
and Taiwan.
Based on our plan for global expansion, Savior Lifetec Corporation 
expects its ertapenem to reach even more countries and markets in 
the next one to three years (2023-2025), beneﬁ ting patients in over 
60 countries.
Primary products
Our primary products currently are carbapenem antibiotics, i.e. generic meropenem and ertapenem products.
The carbapenems, new broad spectrum beta-lactam antibiotics with carbapenem, act against the widest range of bacteria with 
the strongest antibacterial activity, serving as the last line of defense in treating clinical severe infections.
Application of primary products
Primary products
Application (For its implications, please refer to the announcements from the Min-
istry of Health and Welfare)
Meropenem
Pneumonia, skin infections, urinary tract infections, gynaecological infections, sepsis, 
meningitis, etc.
Ertapenem
Complicated intra-abdominal infections, complicated skin and soft tissue infections, di-
abetic foot infections without osteomyelitis, infectious pneumonia, complicated urinary 
tract infections including pyelonephritis, acute pelvic inflammatory diseases including 
postpartum endometritis, septic abortion and postoperative gynaecological infections, sur-
gical site infections from colectomy in prevention of colon and rectal cancer, etc.
Other  23.18%
Antibiotics 76.82%
The proportion of antibiotic products in 
the total revenue in 2022.
Unit:  (thousand), %.
Item
Proportion of operat-
ing revenue in 2021
Revenue in 2021
Proportion of operat-
ing revenue in 2022
Revenue in 2022
Antibiotics
69.69
1,215,262
76.82
972,345
Others
30.31
528,523
23.18
293,404
Total
100
1,743,785
100
1,265,749

2022 Sustainability Report
5
Revenue and earnings per share for 2020-2022
2020
2021
2022
1,265,749
1,743,785
1,827,240
2020
2021
2022
1,134,759
1,435,919
1,268,598
2020
2021
2022
94,255
29,340
230,554
2020
2021
2022
36,310
9,956
250,941
2020
2021
2022
0.11
0.03
0.88
Revenue (NTD thousand)
Net income (NTD thousand)
Earnings per shar (NTD thousand)
Cost (NTD thousand)
Operating proﬁ t/loss (NTD thousand)
Item
2020
2021
2022
Revenue (NTD thousand)
1,827,240
1,743,785
1,265,749
Cost (NTD thousand)
1,268,598
1,435,919
1,134,759
Operating proﬁ t/loss (NTD thousand)
230,554
29,340
-94,255
Net income (NTD thousand)
250,941
9,956
36,310
Earnings per share (NTD)
0.88
0.03
0.11

2022 Sustainability Report
6
ESG
Savior Lifetec Corporation addresses our operations’ impacts on all stakeholders, society and 
the environment with consideration to their actual needs to create competitive advantages 
with our unique, core capabilities. The Company incorporates sustainability strategies into 
its business plan, where medium and long-term sustainable goals are defined to provide 
guidance for decision making. In the meantime, the Company builds communication 
channels for stakeholders in diﬀ erent areas, inviting all parties to contribute to a sustainable 
future shared among businesses and society.
Savior Lifetec Group's 
Sustainability Values

2022 Sustainability Report
7
 ESG Steering 
    Organization
Taking pride in manufacturing drugs that 
save lives, Savior Lifetec Corporation 
recognizes the importance of sustainable 
development in accomplishing our 
mission. Therefore, year 2022 marked 
the beginning of the Company’s eﬀ orts 
in promoting sustainable development 
and witnessed the establishment of the 
“Corporate Sustainable Development 
Committee” (hereafter “ESG 
Committee”), which is responsible 
for the overall direction and potential 
goals of the Company’s eﬀ orts in this 
regard. The Chairperson and the General 
Manager of the Company assumed the 
roles of the Chairperson and the Vice 
Chairperson of the committee. The 
managers of all departments served 
as the supervisors of various groups 
within the committee, working together 
to promote corporate sustainable 
governance.
The ESG Committee is set up under 
the Board of Directors with three 
major functional groups responsible 
for planning and promoting sustainable 
development policies, goals, strategies 
and action plans across departments 
which follow and execute the plans. The 
ESG Committee regularly reports to the 
Board of Directors so that sustainability 
performance is tracked and managed in 
a timely manner.
Environment
E
Society
S
Governance
G
Environment and 
Climate Change 
Group 
Supervisor: ESH 
Manager
Social and Supportive 
Workplace Group 
Supervisoe: HR 
Manager
Corporate Governance 
and Partner Success 
Group 
Supervisor: Corporate 
Governance Manager
Group
Responsibility
Access impacts from the development 
and manufacture of drugs on the 
environment, including energy 
use, greenhouse gas emissions, 
hazardous industrial waste processing, 
manufacturing process safety 
management, chemical substance 
management, water resource 
management, etc.
Addressing issues regarding human 
resources, including recruitment, 
appointment, compensation, training, 
reward, evaluation, resignation and 
retirement, parental leave and leave 
of absence, workplace diversity, 
occupational safety, health promotion, 
etc.
Handling issues regarding regulatory 
compliance, business integrity, 
risk management, supply chain 
sustainability management, ﬁ nancial 
performance, business operational 
strategies, board function strengthening, 
etc.
The functions of each group under the ESG Committee are as follows:
The structure and functions of the ESG Committee are as follows:
Corporate Governance and 
Partner Success Group 
Corporate Governance 
Manager
Environment and Climate 
Change Group
ESH Manager
Social and Supportive 
Workplace Group
HR Manager
Regulatory Compliance 
Business Integrity Risk 
Management Supply 
Chain Management 
Financial Performance
Business Operational 
Strategy
Board Function 
Strengthening 
Energy Management
Greenhouse Gas 
Management
Hazardous Industrial 
Waste Management 
Manufacturing Process 
Safety Management
Water Resource 
Management
Human Rights Policy 
Employment Relation 
Labor Relation
Talent Selection, 
Cultivation and Retention 
Compensation Policy
Employee Beneﬁ t 
Education and Training 
Patental Leave and Leave 
of Absence Workplace 
Diversity Occupational 
Safety
Health Promotion
Board
Chairperson of the Company
Vice Chairperson: General Manager 
of the Company
Executive Secretary: 
Audit Oﬃ  ce
Corporate Sustainable Development 
Committee Chairperson:

2022 Sustainability Report
8
Stakeholders and Material Topics 
Material topic identiﬁ cation
Savior Lifetec Corporation aspires to comprehensively assess the material 
topics that aﬀ ect the Company’s sustainability performance. To this end, we 
assessed how much the Company’s operations impacted the environment, 
economy, human/human rights by following the material topic identiﬁ cation 
process speciﬁ ed in the GRI Standards updated in 2021. An additional action 
was to manage the actual and potential impacts.
Impact management mechanism
When managing material topics, the Board, being the highest governance 
body, bears the supervisory and decision-making responsibilities. 
The Company also established an independent Corporate Sustainable 
Development Committee in charge of prevention and improvement measures 
in response to potential and actual risks. After compiling all possible issues, 
the ESG Committee works with the manager of each department to assess 
and prioritize the impacts arising from those issues through questionnaire 
surveys and interviews.
Understand the 
organization’s 
context
Identify actual 
and potential 
impacts
Assess the 
signiﬁ cance of 
impacts
Prioritize the 
most signiﬁ cant 
impacts for 
reporting
Step 1
Step 2
Step 3
Step 4
Savior Lifetec Corporation undertakes the following steps to determine 
the material topics of the Company:
1. Understand the organization’s context: Identify 
stakeholders; list sustainability topics
(1) Identify stakeholders
Savior Lifetec Corporation aspires to comprehensively assess 
the material topics that will aﬀ ect the Company’s sustainability 
performance. To this end, we interviewed the manager of each 
department and carried out assessments based on ﬁ ve principles, 
i.e. Dependency, Responsibility, Tension, Inﬂ uence and Diverse 
Perspectives, in accordance with the GRI Standards 2021 and 
the AA1000 Stakeholder Engagement Standards (SES). We 
then identified seven types of stakeholders that are closely 
related to our operations, while comprehensively recording their 
issues of concern in a timely manner. The Company created 
various channels for communication and engagement to fulfill 
stakeholders’ expectations for the Company. We identiﬁ ed seven 
types of stakeholders, including shareholders, clients, employees, 
ingredient suppliers, packaging suppliers, government agencies 
and investment banks.
(2) Create the list of material topics
Based on the GRI Standards, SASB’s Standards for relevant 
industries, key trends in the pharmaceutical industry and SLC’s 
strategies for future development, we identified 25 potentially 
material topics, which covered the aspects of corporate 
governance, sustainable environment, supportive workplace, 
product innovation, community engagement and supplier 
management. The 25 topics include: 1. Business operational 
strategies; 2. Financial performance; 3. Risk management; 4. 
Business integrity and corruption prevention; 5. Regulatory 
compliance; 6. Information security; 7. Customer relationship 
management; 8. Digital transformation; 9. Energy management; 
10. Climate action; 11. Waste management; 12. Circular economy; 
13. Air pollution control; 14. Water resource management; 15. 
Biodiversity; 16. Net zero policy and commitment; 17. Talent 
recruitment, retention and development; 18. Occupational safety 
and health; 19. Diversity and inclusivity; 20. Human rights 

2022 Sustainability Report
9
policy; 21. Community engagement; 22. ESG initiative; 23. Product stewardship 
and technological innovation; 24. Supply chain sustainability management; 25. 
Proportion of local suppliers.
(3) Conduct a survey into stakeholders’ level of concern
During September to October, 2022, we conducted the survey and eventually 
received 237 valid responses from 184 employees, 14 shareholders,
4 client representatives, 6 packaging suppliers, 7 ingredient suppliers, 10 investment 
institutions/banks and 2 government agencies/competent authorities. The remaining 
10 surveys were completed by other parties including independent directors and 
media ﬁ rms.
2. Identify actual and potential impacts: Assess the impacts arising 
from material topics by management
(4) Assess the magnitude of the impacts of SLC’s operational activities on economy, 
environment and human/human rights
We carried out interviews with each department head concerning all sustainability 
issues. We also examined the positive and negative impacts brought by the material 
topics, where these impacts occur, and the organization’s involvement with them. 
Subsequently we assessed each topic for their magnitude and likelihood of positive 
and negative impacts.
(5) Assess the magnitude of the impacts arising from each topic on SLC’s operations 
In addition to assessing the magnitude of the impacts of SLC’s operations on 
economy, environment and human/human rights, we also assessed how much these 
topics impacted our operations. An additional action was to investigate how actual 
and potential impacts have inﬂ uenced SLC’s operations.
3. Assess the significance of impacts: Determine seven material 
topics and indicators in accordance with the SDG
(6) Determine the material topics
Based on stakeholders’ level of concern and the magnitude of the impacts arising 
from each topic on SLC’s operations, we generated a material topic matrix, 
followed by the assessments of the magnitude of the actual/potential impacts in 
2022 and their likelihood. Accordingly we determined seven material topics to be 
managed and disclosed, including: talent recruitment, retention and development; 
supply chain sustainability management; business operational strategies; product 
stewardship and technological innovation; occupational safety and health; ﬁ nancial 
performance; risk management.
Human rights policy
Occupational safety and health
Benefits and talent recruitment and development
Product stewardship and 
technological innovation
Supply chain 
sustainability 
management
Proportion of local suppliers
Community engagement
3.5
3.7
3.9
4.1
4.3
4.5
4.7
4.9
3
3.2
3.4
3.6
3.8
4
4.2
4.4
4.6
4.8
5
Stakeholders' level of concern
Magnitude of impacts on operations
Savior Lifetec Corporation Material Topic Matrix 2022
Water resource 
management
Air pollution control
Circular economy
Waste management
Net zero policy and commitment
Energy management
Climate action
Regulatory compliance
Information 
security
Customer relationship management
Business integrity and corruption prevention
Business operational strategies
Financial performance
Risk 
management
Note: The material topics in red represent the indicator for community engagement; orange 
represents t he indicator for the social aspect demonstrated by internal employees; green 
represents the indicator for environment; blue represents the indicator for corporate 
governance; black represents the indicator for the supply chain; purple represents the indicator 
for products.

2022 Sustainability Report
10
Types
Potential material topics
Highlights of positive (+) and negative (-) impacts and assessment results
Material topic conﬁ rmation
Corporate 
governance
1. Business operational strategies
2. Financial performance
3. Risk management
4. Business integrity and corruption 
prevention
5. Regulatory compliance
6. Information security
7. Customer relationship management
8. Digital transformation
Operating within the biopharmaceutical industry, Savior Lifetec Corporation must seek optimal quality and abide 
by regulations. The Company also insists on innovation and higher standards in the manufacturing processes. The 
Company is producing beta-lactam antibiotics and vigorously expanding its market share globally with our business 
model and partnership.
With the approval of “Risk Management Policy and Operational Procedures” in 2022, the Company oﬃ  cial 
established a risk management approach in support of sustainable and stable operations. Furthermore, pursuant to the 
additional “Risk Management Procedures” in the “Risk Management Best Practice Principles for TWSE/TPEx Listed 
Companies,” the Company assessed ﬁ ve types of risks, including risks of strategies, regulatory compliance, ﬁ nance, 
operations and others.
(+) In 2022, the Company has passed the U.S. FDA inspection, once more demonstrating that our quality compliance 
system was established, operated and maintained to align with the stringent standards of Europe, the U.S and 
Japan. The Company also produced its ﬁ rst sustainability report, disclosing non-ﬁ nancial information. There was 
no violation nor penalty throughout the year.
(-) In 2022, there were false alarms in the IT security. The Company reacted promptly without creating negative 
impacts. In the meantime, the Company strengthened its IT security system to avoid possible future risks.
Business operational strategies
Financial performance
Risk management
Sustainable 
environment
9. 
Energy management
10. Climate action
11. Waste management
12. Circular economy
13. Air pollution control
14. Water resource management
15. Biodiversity
16. Net zero policy and commitment
The manufacturing processes adopted by Savior Lifetec Corporation do not consume large amount of water nor cause 
air pollution. The environmental management indicator pointed to two possible aspects: waste generation and energy 
consumption.
(+) With regard to energy management, the Company enhanced energy eﬃ  ciency and reduced greenhouse gas 
emissions by improving its manufacturing processes.
(-) There was no violation nor penalty recorded.
None was prioritized as a material topic. 
Nonetheless, energy management and 
climate action were still considered 
to be material topics and managed 
accordingly.
Assessment of positive and negative impacts arising from material topics
In accordance with the requirements speciﬁ ed in the GRI Standards 2021, we included the assessments of positive and negative impacts arising from all potential material topics. Based on the deﬁ nition 
provided in the GRI Standards, positive impacts refer to the favorable inﬂ uence brought by the Company on economy, environment and society (human/human rights). Some of the productive outcomes 
include boosting economic growth, generating employment opportunities, developing new products and entering new markets. Accordingly we have assessed 25 potential material topics. Refer to the 
table below for the result:

2022 Sustainability Report
11
Types
Potential material topics
Highlights of positive (+) and negative (-) impacts and assessment results
Material topic conﬁ rmation
Supportive 
workplace
17.  Talent recruitment and development 
and employees’ beneﬁ ts
18. Occupational safety and health
19. Diversity and inclusivity
20. Human rights policy
Savior Lifetec Corporation specializes in pharmaceuticals manufacture and sale, small molecules and peptides R&D 
and manufacture. The Company is a fully vertically integrated manufacturer, capable of producing products from 
sterile active pharmaceutical ingredients to preparations for ﬁ nished dosage form of injectables.
In accordance with the United Nations Global Compact, international human rights development and local Labor 
Standards Act’s requirements, the Company has established human rights policy and commitment, constituting our 
respect and protection for employees’ rights and interests. The Company also prohibits forced labor and use of child 
labor. Furthermore, the Company has formulated procedures to prevent discrimination and sexual harassment.
(+) The employee satisfaction survey in 2022 showed that our colleagues placed more emphasis on talent selection, 
cultivation and retention. Consequently, SLC reviewed and improved its scheme for employee education and 
training, while introducing an ESG perspective in talent development as a reference for the management.
(+) The Company protected human rights of our employees in compliance with related laws.
(-) Due to the pandemic, global demand for the beta-lactam products in 2022 grew, which led to work overtime.
(-) In the ﬁ rst half of 2022, there was a seasonal wave of resignation while generally the technology industry vigor-
ously sought talent, creating a lack of workforce. The employee satisfaction survey also indicated heavier work-
load. The situation stabilized in the second half of 2022.
Talent recruitment and development 
and employees’ beneﬁ ts
Occupational safety and health
Nonetheless, human rights policy 
and diversity and inclusivity were 
still considered to be material 
topics and managed accordingly 
though they were not prioritized as 
material topics.
Community 
engagement
21. Community engagement
22. ESG initiativ
(+) Savior Lifetec Corporation’s major clients are in the European and US markets. Our involvement in ESG 
management meets the requirements from the global clients and markets.
(-) There was no violation nor penalty recorded throughout 2022.
None was prioritized as a material topic.
Product 
innovation
23.  Product stewardship and 
technological innovation
evote considerable eﬀ orts to develop technologically critical platforms with the aim of gaining advantages while 
contributing positively to economy, society and environment.
(+) We enhanced our manufacturing processes through innovative technologies. We also demanded higher quality to 
meet clients’ expectations, achieving high customer satisfaction.
(-) There was no violation nor product recall recorded.
Product stewardship and 
technological innovation
Supply chain 
management
24. Supply chain sustainability 
management
25.  Proportion of local suppliers
(+) Savior Lifetec Corporation maintains a long-term relationship with upstream ingredient suppliers. In 2022, there 
was no shortage in supply of ingredients. No suppliers created violation nor penalty.
(-) Most suppliers of Savior Lifetec Corporation are small and medium enterprises located in Chinese Mainland. Since 
2022, in addition to requesting the existing indicators from quality audits, we began examining the environmental 
and social performance indicators of the suppliers as part of our management. Our ﬁ rst examination indicated that 
most of the suppliers had not started conducting environmental (greenhouse gases) management. We will continue 
to communicate with them, together formulating feasible measures to reduce carbon emissions.
Supply chain sustainability 
management

2022 Sustainability Report
12
 Most suppliers of Savior Lifetec Corporation are small and medium enterprises located in Chinese Mainland. Since 2022, in addition to requesting the existing indicators from quality audits, we 
began examining the environmental and social performance indicators of the suppliers as part of our management. Our ﬁ rst examination indicated that most of the suppliers had not started conducting 
environmental (greenhouse gases) management. We will continue to communicate with them, together formulating feasible measures to reduce carbon emissions.。
4. Prioritize the most signiﬁ cant impacts for reporting: Conﬁ rm the material topics and indicators for reporting
Topic
Material Topic
Implication for Savior Lifetec 
Corporation
Impact on the Value 
Chain
Positive/Negative Impact
Positive
Actual
Potential
Negative
Actual
Potential
Likelihood
Indicator
Corresponding 
Chapter
Upstream
Operation
Downstream
Corporate 
governance
Business 
operational 
strategies
Sustainability is contingent 
on the business operational 
strategies of SLC.
■
■
■
 Passed FDA inspections
 Adopted sustainability report/non-ﬁ nancial information 
disclosure
Materialized
Revenue and its 
growth rate
Chapter 4
Corporate 
governance
Financial 
performance
Financial performance reﬂ ects 
eﬀ ectiveness of the operational 
strategies.
■
■
 Net proﬁ t after tax has increased compared to the same 
period last year.
Materialized
Risk management
Strengthening risk 
management helps achieve 
business continuity and 
sustainability.
■
■
 False alarms in the IT security; strengthen overall risk 
management system.
 There was no violation nor penalty recorded throughout 
the year.
Likely
Result of risk 
management: zero 
violation
Social: 
Supportive 
Workplace
Talent recruitment 
and development 
and employees’ 
beneﬁ ts
Human rights policy and 
commitment; the Company’s 
emphasis on its employees and 
their beneﬁ ts is conducive to 
enhancing our competitiveness 
and retaining crucial talent.
■
 The Company protected human rights of our employees 
in compliance with related laws. 
Materialized
Turnover rate and 
retention rate
Chapter 6 
Supportive 
Workplace
The employee satisfaction survey in 2022 showed that 
our colleagues placed more emphasis on talent selec-
tion, cultivation and retention.
Materialized
 Understaﬃ  ng led to work overtime. The situation 
stabilized in the second half of the year.
Materialized
Supply Chain 
Management
Supply chain 
sustainability 
management
Favorable relationship 
with suppliers and partners 
contributes positively to 
operational performance and 
the industry chain.
■
■
■
 Maintained a long-term relationship with suppliers to 
ensure material supply stability and product quality.
Materialized
Level of 
compliance of the 
environmental and 
social indicators of 
suppliers
Chapter 4
Corporate 
Governance: 
Supply Chain 
Management
 Engaged upstream and downstream suppliers in 
registration and R&D strategies to ensure market 
advantages and expand market share globally.
Materialized
 No suppliers created violation nor penalty.
Likely
Product 
Innovation
Product stewardship 
and technological 
innovation
Product innovation is the key 
to sustainable operations and 
the maintenance of competitive 
advantages.
■
■
■
 Through manufacturing process optimization and new 
product R&D, Savior Lifetec Corporation maintained 
its advantages in quality and scale of operations.
Materialized
Proportion 
of innovative 
products;
product recall rate
Chapter 3
Savior Lifetec 
Corporation’s 
Products and 
Value Chain
 There was no violation nor product recall recorded.
Less likely
Social: 
Supportive 
Workplace
Occupational safety 
and health
Lawful management of 
employees’ health and safety 
helps establish a stable and 
ideal production environment.
■
■
 Savior Lifetec Corporation rigorously abided by cGMP 
and standards in the Japanese, European and American 
markets to ensure employees’ health and safety.。
Materialized
Zero violation in 
occupational safety 
management
Chapter 6 
Supportive 
Workplace
 There was no occupational accident.
Less likely

2022 Sustainability Report
13
 Stakeholder Communication 
Type of Stakeholders
Implication for Savior Lifetec Corporation
Material Topic of Concern
Communication Means and Frequency
2022 Communication Results
Shareholders
Shareholders bring capital for the sake of SLC’s 
operations. We provide information to shareholders and 
other stakeholders to maintain transparency and smooth 
communication.
Business operational 
strategies
Financial performance
Risk management
Liaison:
Spokesperson: General Manager Chih-Fang Chen;
Acting spokesperson: Deputy General Manager Yen-Lan Lin
TEL: (037)580100#1850
Email: stock@saviorlifetec.com.tw 
 Holding the annual general meeting of shareholders and 
publishing the annual report
 Holding ad-hoc institutional investor conferences
 Publishing important or announceable information in real 
time at Market Observation Post System
Holding one general meeting of shareholders 
and publishing the annual report
Holding one institutional investor 
conference
Publishing 38 pieces of important 
information at Market Observation Post 
System, covering the Board's key decisions, 
changes in the management, etc
Clients
Clients are preparation manufacturing companies who 
purchase active pharmaceutical ingredients from us. Their 
end products are distributed to medical institutions and 
agents. We, committed to providing products with the best 
quality, prioritize safety and eﬃ  cacy of drugs.
Product stewardship and 
technological innovation
Liaison: Miss Liu
Email: info@saviorlifetec.com.tw
Conducting ad-hoc client visits and meetings for communi-
cation and discussion
Presenting our products at pharma exhibitions on occation
Conducting 20 client visits and more than 
100 meetings for communication and dis-
cussion (Due to the pandemic, client visits 
were limited to domestic clients)
Presenting our products at one pharma 
exhibition; the exhibition attended: CPhI 
Worldwide
Employees
Employees, also a type of important stakeholders, carry 
out tasks for the Company’s operations. The Company 
communicates with them constantly to understand their 
opinions and to create a positive work environment, 
leading to a supportive workplace.
Talent recruitment 
and development and 
employees’ beneﬁ ts
Occupational safety and 
health
Liaison: Miss Hu
Email: hr2@saviorlifetec.com.tw
Holding ad-hoc meetings for communication between the 
management and employees
Holding employee welfare committee meetings regularly
Holding four meetings for communication 
and one orientation meeting concerning the 
change in the working conditions for shift 
workers
Holding five employee welfare committee 
meetings
408 incidences where the HR expressed care 
and solicitude
Ingredient
suppliers
SLC’s ingredients are produced with organic synthesis. 
To ensure consistent quality, reliability and safety, the 
Company’s primary concern when procuring ingredients 
is that the quality meets our requirements.
upply chain sustainability 
management
Liaison: Miss Kao
Email: pd@saviorlifetec.com.tw
Conducting various supplier visits and on-site audits
Holding ad-hoc safety meeting with contractors
Email / Phone call / Documentation / Relevant meeting
Conducting eight supplier visits
Holding 17 safety meetings with contractors
Packaging 
suppliers
Packaging suppliers are responsible for providing 
packages for the Company. Reliable and trustworthy 
packaging suppliers play an essential role in drug safety 
and eﬃ  cacy.

2022 Sustainability Report
14
Type of Stakeholders
Implication for Savior Lifetec Corporation
Material Topic of Concern
Communication Means and Frequency
2022 Communication Results
Government 
agencies
SLC places emphasis on quality, safety and environment 
management. We abide by acts and standards regarding 
quality formulated by the regulatory bodies of all 
governments and countries in support of sustainable and 
stable operations.
Product stewardship and 
technological innovation
occupational safety and 
health
Liaison:
Spokesperson: General Manager Chih-Fang Chen;
Acting spokesperson: Deputy General Manager Yen-Lan Lin
TEL: (037)580100#1850
Email: stock@saviorlifetec.com.tw
Conducting ad-hoc orientation meetings concerning oﬃ  cial 
documents and laws
Regularly attending orientation meetings 
hosted by competent authorities
Investment 
institutions/banks
Investment institutions/banks are financial institutions 
which grant loans to the Company.
Financial performance
Risk management
Liaison:
Spokesperson: General Manager Chih-Fang Chen;
Acting spokesperson: Deputy General Manager Yen-Lan Lin
TEL: (037)580100#1850
Email: stock@saviorlifetec.com.tw
Publishing email addresses and contact phone numbers on our website to ensure smooth communication 
between the Company and all stakeholders
Updating information on the website regularly

2022 Sustainability Report
15
Response to SDGs
In 2015, the United Nations announced the "2030 
Sustainable Development Goals" (SDGs), comprising 
17 goals and 169 targets, addressing urgent global 
economic, environmental, and social issues such as poverty 
eradication, promoting equality, and addressing climate 
change, providing guidance and vision for sustainable 
business practices.
Savior Lifetec Corporation (SLC) is a company engaged 
in the production of Carbapenem antibiotics, a critical 
line of defense in combating severe infections in clinical 
settings. Therefore, our contributions primarily focus on 
SDG 3, which aims to promote human health and well-
being. Additionally, while ensuring product quality, we 
further integrate the value chain and examine other SDGs, 
incorporating them into our management and operational 
plans, and devising corresponding strategies to expand 
the company's sustainable business beneﬁ ts. This not only 
has a positive impact on our employees, customers, and 
partners but also brings about positive changes on a global 
scale.
SDGs
Corresponding 
Material Topic
Savior Lifetec's Response
SDG 3 Good Health 
and Well-Being
Company Operation 
Strategy
Product 
Responsibility 
and Technological 
Innovation
The pharmaceutical industry plays a crucial role in promoting human health and well-
being. Savior Lifetec Group's main products are sterile carbapenem antibiotics API 
and formulations, serving as the last line of defense against severe infections in clinical 
settings. We uphold the highest guiding principle of "Respect for Life, Completeness, 
and Eﬃ  cacy" in quality management, providing high-quality medications to the 
medical system. Through rigorous process control, we ensure the quality of our 
products, contributing value to our customers and patients, and sharing beneﬁ ts with 
all of humanity.
SDG 8 Decent Work and 
Economic Growth
Financial 
Performance
Talent Recruitment 
and Beneﬁ ts 
Employee Beneﬁ ts
Occupational health 
and safety
Creating a happy workplace is one of the goals at Savior Lifetec. We value employee 
welfare and safety, ensuring fair and equitable remuneration for all employees. 
Additionally, we provide educational training opportunities to promote career 
development and economic growth among our colleagues.
SDG 9 Industry, Innovation 
and Infrastructure
Company Operation 
Strategy
Product 
Responsibility 
and Technological 
Innovation
We allocate resources to optimize existing production lines, enhancing their eﬃ  ciency 
and setting industry benchmarks. Moreover, Savior Lifetec Group invests in the 
research and development of new drugs, creating added value for the industry.
SDG 12 Responsible 
Consumption and Production
Product 
Responsibility 
and Technological 
Innovation
Sustainable Supply 
Chain Management
Savior Lifetec Group is committed to process innovation and research and 
development, aiming to enhance the eﬃ  ciency of energy, water, and raw material 
utilization. We also strictly control the use of hazardous substances during the 
production process, implementing quality management with zero defects, and striving 
to achieve responsible production and consumption goals.
SDG 13 Climate Action
Company Operation 
Strategy
Sustainable Supply 
Chain Management
Risk management
After the outbreak of the Covid-19 pandemic, Savior Lifetec Group deeply felt the 
challenges posed by global risks to the company's sustainable operations. We began 
proactively addressing comprehensive risks, incorporating the governance framework 
of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) to respond to 
physical and transitional risks arising from climate change. Simultaneously, we started 
implementing adaptation measures and seizing market opportunities.
In terms of emission reduction, we have been continuously optimizing our processes 
to lower the intensity of greenhouse gas emissions.
SDG 17 Partnerships 
for the Goals
Company Operation 
Strategy
Sustainable Supply 
Chain Management
In the pharmaceutical industry value chain, Savior Lifetec plays a bridging role 
between upstream and downstream. Through the integration of upstream and 
downstream collaborations, we aim to establish a global, regulatory-compliant, open, 
non-discriminatory, and fair trade system.

2022 Sustainability Report
16
 Market Trends of Main Products
Savior Lifetec Corp's primary products are broad-spectrum antibiotics, Meropenem, 
and Ertapenem, along with their APIs and formulations. According to IQVIA (formerly 
known as IMS) global statistical data, the estimated compound annual growth rate of 
the global market for Meropenem from 2019 to 2022 is approximately 8.4%. Similarly, 
the estimated compound annual growth rate of the global market for Ertapenem from 
2019 to 2022 is around 1.2%.
The global market for Meropenem has experienced a 
compound annual growth rate of approximately 8.4% from 
2019 to 2022. As for Ertapenem, based on sales estimates, 
the compound annual growth rate for the global market from 
2019 to 2022 is approximately 1.2%.
The global market for Meropenem continues to exhibit sustained growth.
The global market for Ertapenem is facing tight supply from the original 
manufacturers, creating a favorable opportunity for Savior Lifetec Corp to 
aggressively expand its market share. 
 As of 2022 (Q1 MAT), the global market size is approximately US$1,880 million.
As of 2022 (Q1 MAT), the global market size is approximately US$335 million.
Savior LifetecGroup's 
Products and Value Chain

2022 Sustainability Report
17
In the pharmaceutical industry, the upstream raw materials 
primarily consist of general chemicals, while the midstream 
is dominated by the active pharmaceutical ingredient (API) 
and intermediate industries. The downstream involves the 
formulation of APIs with excipients to create the final dosage 
forms for end-use. Savior Lifetec Corporation  has successfully 
integrated the upstream, midstream, and downstream sectors, 
ensuring a stable supply and quality control.
One-stop-shop manufacturing model for highly specialized 
pharmaceuticals industry
Non-aseptic API  
 Aseptic API
Customer’s Aseptic Injectable Filling
Sales Market 
(Customer's proprietary brand)
Sales Market 
(Customer's proprietary brand)
Aseptic Injectable Filling
Chemical 
Synthesis
Aseptic API 
Manufacturing
Aseptic Injectable 
Filling
Sales Market 
(Savior's proprietary 
brand)
Upstream
Midstream
Downstream
The raw materials used in pharmaceutical preparation, 
including natural products from animals and plants, 
as well as general chemicals, are mainly sourced 
from chemically synthesized compounds or other 
intermediates. Other active pharmaceutical ingredients 
can also be derived from minerals, animal organs, 
microbial strains, and related tissues or cells.
In recent years, advances in biotechnology have led 
to significant breakthroughs in upstream production 
techniques by utilizing gene transfection methods, 
tissue culture technology, or direct cultivation of plants 
and animals to produce pharmaceuticals.
Pharmaceutical manufacturing is an organic chemistry industry, typically involving synthesis 
through biological or chemical methods.
 Raw materials obtained from natural sources undergo various preparation processes, such 
as fermentation, extraction, hydrogenation, fermentation, esterification, saponification, 
alkylation, and puriﬁ cation methods like distillation, extraction, and crystallization.
 General chemicals are used for complex organic synthesis and puriﬁ cation.
 For materials prepared through genetic engineering, processes include purification and 
recovery of the formulated product, among others.
The production process of active pharmaceutical ingredients (APIs) is highly complex, 
with synthetic technology being the most sophisticated. Savior Lifetec Corp's expertise 
in the production technology of APIs and intermediates is crucial in the midstream of 
pharmaceuticals.
Medical dosage industry and 
pharmaceutical manufacturers combine 
active pharmaceutical ingredients 
(APIs) with excipients, such as 
binders, disintegrants, adhesives, 
lubricants, emulsiﬁ ers, etc., to process 
them into convenient dosage forms for 
ease of use.

2022 Sustainability Report
18
Strategies of Savior Lifetec Corp
Savior Lifetec Corp primarily sources its raw materials 
from organic synthesis, and during the procurement 
of these raw materials, the top priority is given to 
ensuring that their quality meets the company's 
requirements. This approach ensures the stability, 
reliability, and safety of the raw material's quality.
 To mitigate the negative environmental impact of the Ertapenem manufacturing process, 
Savior Lifetec Corp has implemented various measures. These include enhancing reactivity 
to improve yield (resulting in a 15-20% increase in overall yield), avoiding the use of high-
toxicity solvents like Acetonitrile and Dichloromethane, introducing phosphate extraction 
to remove reaction by-products, improving subsequent hydrogenation efficiency, and 
reducing the usage of catalysts (palladium carbon).
 In organic chemistry synthesis used in pharmaceutical manufacturing, a significant 
amount of solvents is required. To address this, Savior Lifetec Corp utilizes distillation 
and rectiﬁ cation technologies for solvent recovery, achieving a high solvent recovery rate 
of 73% to 79%. Additionally, for solvents that cannot be reused, the company employs 
wastewater treatment techniques for proper decomposition and disposal.
In 2022, the amount of waste solvents outsourced for incineration decreased signiﬁ cantly by 
49.4% compared to the amount in 2021.
S a v i o r  L i f e t e c  C o r p o r a t i o n ' s 
main products consist of active 
pharmaceutical ingredients (APIs) 
and injectables. Among them, the 
APIs need to be repackaged by 
customers before being supplied to 
medical institutions, pharmacies, and 
distributors.

2022 Sustainability Report
19
Core Technologies and Platforms 
Savior Lifetec Corp's product processes involve full organic synthesis and are highly complex. All technologies, 
including synthesis route development, process technology development, column purification technology 
development, RO concentration technology development, crystal polymorph studies, crystal purification 
technology development, lyophilization technology development, solid-phase peptide synthesis, bioproduction 
through fermentation, nanoparticle formulation, sustained-release formulations, process scale-up parameter 
research, aseptic manufacturing technology development, solvent recovery process development, cGMP pilot 
and commercial production, are independently developed by the company's research and development team. The 
R&D expenditure exceeds three billion yuan, and the development period spans over ﬁ ve years. Savior Lifetec 
Corporation has mastered the following six core technologies:
Synthesis Route and Analytical Method
Raw Material Procurement 
Speciﬁ cation Standards Establishment 
Stability Studies 
Product and Product Container Compatibility
Process Parameter Veriﬁ cation 
Raw Material Procurement and Assessment 
Safety Risk Assessment
 Research and Development (R&D) Process
Evaluation
Trial 
Production
Commercial 
Production
Development
Product Market (Unit Price, Competitors) 
Development Technology (Patents, Speciﬁ cations, 
Processes) 
Regulatory Status (Chemical Warfare, Toxic 
Substances)
Finished Product Analytical Method Validation
Cleansing Method Validation 
Finished Product Stability
As of 2022, Savior Lifetec Corp 
owns a total of 13 patents.
The six core technologies are as follows:
1.Aseptic Manufacturing
2.Aseptic Operations
3.Process Scale-Up
4.Low-Temperature Dehydration
5.Synthesis Method
6.Patent Aﬀ airs
 Research & Development (R & D) Expenditure 
2019
2021
2022
  R & D Expenses
179,13 1
167,271
119,122
  Operating Revenue 
1,827,240
1,743,785
1,265,749
     Ratio
9.80%
9.59%
9.41%
500,000
5%
10%
15%
20%
1,000,000
1,500,000
2,000,000

2022 Sustainability Report
20
Quality Management
 Quality Management System
The company strives for the highest quality as a guiding principle and spirit. The Quality Policy, which represents the highest guiding direction, is 
formulated by the company's management and discussed and approved by all management executives.
Savior Lifetec Corporation's quality management system is formulated by the company's management and discussed and approved by all management 
executives. Our SOP Quality Manual strictly follows the current pharmaceutical production quality management standards (GMP) and regulations, 
including:
．Current EU GMP (PIC/S GMP) Part I (for ﬁ nished products), Part II (for APIs), and Annex 1 (for ﬁ nished products and APIs).
．Current US GMP regulations: 21 CFR Part 11, 210, 211, and 820.
．Current Taiwan GMP regulations: PIC/S GMP guidelines.
In 2022, the Chunan plant passed audits by the Taiwan Food and Drug Administration (TFDA) and the US FDA. For audit results from previous years, 
please refer to Savior Lifetec Corporation’s oﬃ  cial website.
Historic GMP Audit Results

2022 Sustainability Report
21
 Future Strategies
 Market Trends for Main Products
Savior Lifetec Corp's future strategy revolves around maintaining and 
enhancing its position in the market. As the primary products are broad-
spectrum antibiotics, Meropenem, and Ertapenem APIs, the company 
aims to expand its global presence. Currently, domestic sales account 
for approximately 5%, while international sales comprise about 95% of 
the total revenue. The company focuses on securing strong partnerships 
within the upstream supply chain and actively registering drug 
certiﬁ cations in various countries to accelerate its global expansion and 
maintain a competitive advantage.
In recent years, the US FDA has adopted stricter regulations for new 
drug approvals, leading to a stagnation in the number of new drug 
developments globally. This has resulted in a significant increase 
in research and development costs for international pharmaceutical 
companies. Additionally, aging populations worldwide have prompted 
various countries to undertake healthcare reforms to reduce healthcare 
spending. As part of these reforms, there is a growing trend of 
encouraging the use of generic drugs to lower medical expenses. 
Therefore, obtaining drug certiﬁ cations in developed countries such as 
Europe, the United States, Japan, New Zealand, and Australia is crucial 
for generic drug manufacturers.
*OREDO([SDQVLRQ
6WUDWHJLHV
Strategy One:
Actively integrate the value 
chain and strengthen 
cooperation with upstream 
partners
As Savior primarily relies on 
organic synthesis for raw 
materials, it is crucial to carefully 
select suppliers that meet quality 
requirements during the 
procurement of raw materials to 
ensure stability, reliability, and 
safety of the raw material quality.
We have completed hardware 
preparations and entered the 
process validation phase before 
product commercialization. In the 
future, Savior will have the 
opportunity to become a new drug 
manufacturer. Once the new drug 
development is completed and 
approved for marketing, the 
company will join the ranks of new 
drug manufacturers.
With the expiration of Ertapenem's 
patent, the original manufacturer 
Merck is gradually withdrawing from 
non-US markets. Therefore, Savior 
has been actively collaborating with 
customers to apply for registrations in 
various countries, aiming to increase 
Ertapenem's market share to the top 
position globally between 
2023 and 2025.
Strategy Two:
Collaborate with customers 
to register drug certifications 
in various countries and 
deploy in the global market. 
Strategy Three:
Continuously promote 
Cooperative Development 
and Manufacturing(CDEM) 
projects for new drug 
research and development
Two Major Strategic Directions to Accelerate Global Expansion
Savior Lifetec Corporation
Annual Report

2022 Sustainability Report
22
 Savior's Corporate Governance Structure 
Savior's highest governing body is the Board of Directors, which 
is supported by the Audit Committee and the Compensation 
Committee. The company follows the Taiwan Stock Exchange's 
"Corporate Governance Best-Practice Principles for Listed and 
Over-the-Counter Companies" and has established the "Corporate 
Governance Best-Practice Principles" to safeguard shareholder 
rights, strengthen the functions of the Board of Directors, empower 
the Audit Committee, respect the interests of stakeholders, and 
enhance information transparency. These principles serve as the 
foundation for the establishment of a robust corporate governance 
system.
In compliance with legal requirements, the company has appointed 
a corporate governance officer, currently held by the Deputy 
General Manager of the Finance Department, to oversee corporate 
governance-related matters as approved by the Board of Directors. 
Additionally, the company established the Corporate Sustainability 
Development Committee in 2021 to promote management practices 
related to economic, environmental, and social impacts and 
decision-making, ensuring the implementation of sustainability 
management from the top down.
Shareholders’ 
Meeting
Audit
Committee
Compensation 
Committee
Internal Audit 
Department
Corporate Sustainability 
Development Committee
Board of Directors
Chairlady
Of the Board
General Manager
Executive
Oﬃ  ce
Production &
Manufacturing
Operation
Management
Quality
Management
Technology
Development
Business
Department
Corporate Governance
 Corporate Governance Organizational Structure

2022 Sustainability Report
23
Audit Committee
The Audit Committee of our company is composed of all independent directors and 
convenes meetings at least once every quarter. The primary oversight responsibilities of 
the Audit Committee include ensuring the appropriateness of the company's financial 
statements, selecting (appointing) and evaluating the independence and performance 
of the auditors, effective implementation of internal controls, compliance with relevant 
regulations, and risk management of the company's existing or potential risks. For detailed 
duties and responsibilities of the Audit Committee, please refer to the explanation and 
regulations in the Corporate Governance section of Savior's website.
List of Functional Committee Members
Chairman  JANG,R-YAN 
Committee Member  LIN,JR-MING
Committee Member  CHENG,CHIN-HUA
Compensation Committee (GRI 2-20)
The Compensation Committee of the company is composed of all independent directors 
and holds meetings at least twice a year. The primary function of the committee is to 
assess the company's executive compensation policies and systems objectively and 
professionally, and to provide recommendations to the Board of Directors for decision-
making. Its responsibilities include formulating and regularly evaluating annual and long-
term performance goals and compensation policies for directors and executives, ensuring 
compliance with relevant laws, and attracting outstanding talents through an effective 
compensation system. For detailed responsibilities of the Compensation Committee, 
please refer to the information and regulations available in the Corporate Governance 
section of the Savior Lifetec Corp website.
List of Functional Committee Members
Chairman  JANG,R-YAN 
Committee Member  LIN,JR-MING
Committee Member  CHENG,CHIN-HUA
Functional Committees (GRI 2-9) (GRI 2-10) (GRI 2-20)
The Board of Directors has established two functional committees, namely the Audit Committee and 
the Compensation Committee, to assist in fulﬁ lling its supervisory responsibilities. Each committee's 
charter has been approved by the Board of Directors.
Total hours of professional training 
for the Corporate Governance Officer 
during the current year
12 hours

2022 Sustainability Report
24
 Business Integrity and Anti-Corruption 
Savior Lifetec Corporation has established the "Code of Integrity in Business Operations and Behavioral Guidelines" based on the "Code of Conduct for Listed and OTC Companies," which provides 
speciﬁ c guidelines for employees in executing their duties and deﬁ nes the scope of application, unethical behaviors, prohibited oﬀ ering or acceptance of improper beneﬁ ts, and the procedures for 
handling such behaviors.
To mitigate the risks associated with unethical conduct, all members of the Board of Directors and senior management are required to sign a commitment statement aﬃ  rming their compliance with 
the principles of integrity upon assuming their positions. Additionally, before establishing any business relationships, the company conducts thorough assessments based on the aforementioned 
policy's speciﬁ c review criteria to evaluate the legality and any records of unethical behaviors of potential counterparts, such as agents, suppliers, and customers. If any existing or prospective business 
counterpart is found to have engaged in unethical conduct, the company immediately terminates or refuses to engage in any further business dealings with them, thus demonstrating our commitment to 
integrity in business operations.
Goals and Management Actions
1.  Establishing the Integrity Operating Procedures, clearly deﬁ ning the scope of 
application, dishonest behaviors, and improper beneﬁ ts.
2.Deﬁ ning the disciplinary system for violations and the procedures for handling 
dishonest behaviors.
3.Conducting integrity assessments before establishing business relationships.
4.Conducting advocacy and educational training on integrity management.
5.Establishing regulations to prevent insider trading and conﬂ icts of interest.
Evaluation Mechanism and Implementation Result
Savior Lifetec Corporation provides both internal employees and external stakeholders 
(suppliers, contractors, and customers) with a complaint channel. In cases where an employee 
violates the Integrity Management regulations, the responsible department managers within 
the company will jointly review disciplinary actions, and the relevant details of rewards and 
penalties will be communicated to the concerned staff through a personnel directive. The 
Integrity Management unit will also report any dishonest behavior, its handling process, and 
subsequent review and improvement measures to the board of directors. Furthermore, the 
complaint handling process ensures absolute protection of the complainant, preventing any 
improper treatment due to reporting.
As of end of 2022, the company has not issued any 
violations against the Integrity Management Policy.
Prevention Against Insider Trading and 
Conflict of Interest
The company's "Code of Conduct and Guidelines for Ethical Operations" and "Management Procedures for Preventing Insider Trading" provide clear guidelines for avoiding conﬂ icts of 
interest and preventing insider trading for directors and company personnel.
Regarding conﬂ ict of interest prevention, the "Code of Conduct and Guidelines for Ethical Operations" speciﬁ es that board members should exercise high self-discipline and abstain 
from discussing or voting on board matters that have a direct interest with themselves or their aﬃ  liated corporations. The policy also requires company personnel to report any instances 
of potential conﬂ icts of interest to their immediate supervisors and the dedicated unit responsible for ethical operations. The company has also established the "Code of Ethical Behavior 
for Directors and Executives," which outlines speciﬁ c procedures for addressing conﬂ icts of interest, asset protection and conﬁ dentiality, and handling violations of the code of conduct. 
Additionally, the company has implemented the "Management Procedures for Preventing Insider Trading," which defines the scope of insider trading, the handling of significant 
information, and procedures to prevent company personnel from inadvertently violating insider trading regulations.

2022 Sustainability Report
25
Operational Integrity Advocacy and 
Training
Savior conducts annual refresher training on insider trading prevention, operational 
procedures, and relevant regulations for directors, executives, and employees at least 
once every year. This training is delivered through email communication to emphasize 
the importance of ethical operation. In 2022, the company has already conducted one 
session of educational training for this purpose.
Whistleblowing Mechanism (GRI 2-25)(GRI 2-26)
Savior Lifetec Corporation utilizes email as 
the designated channel for internal employees and external business associates 
(suppliers, contractors, customers, etc.) to ﬁ le complaints.
Employee Complaint Email: hr2@saviorlifetec.com.tw
External Complaint Email: notice@saviorlifetec.com.tw
Anti-corruption, anti-competition, 
anti-trust, and anti-monopoly practices
As of the end of 2022, Savior Lifetec Corporation has not been involved in any 
legal disputes related to anti-competition, anti-trust, or monopoly regulations, nor 
has it been involved in any corruption-related cases.
No whistleblower cases 
were received in 2022.
Regulatory Compliance and Adherenc
Items
Incidents in 2022 resulting in Regulatory Fine
Non-Monetary Sanctions Incidents
Corporate 
Governance
Integrity and Corruption Issues
None
None
Competition (Cartels) and Antitrust Issues
None
None
Environmental
Air Pollution Emissions
None
None
Water Pollution Emissions
None
None
Waste Management
$79,000 [ Note 1、2]
None
Others
None
None
Society
Labor Standards Act Issues
$80,000 [Note 3、4]
None
Occupational Health and Safety Issues
None
None
Others
None
None
Others
Explanation Notes
None
None
Notes
1.1  In April 2022, under permit number 1110019812, the designated waste manager at the Chunan Plant was also assigned as a designated person for regulations other than environmental regulations, in violation of Article 3, Paragraph 1 of the Management 
Measures for Professional and Technical Personnel Engaged in Waste Cleanup. A ﬁ ne of NTD 9,000 was imposed. The position has been reassigned to another colleague, and the deﬁ ciency has been rectiﬁ ed.
1.2 In April 2022, under permit number 1110021867, the Zhunan Plant operated the toxic chemical "Dichloromethane," with a total quantity of 10.41427 metric tons on May 10, 2022, without reporting the release amount before January 31, 111. This 
contravened Article 9, Paragraph 2 of the Toxic and Concerned Chemical Substance Management Act, and Article 6, Paragraph 1 of the Regulations for the Management of Operation and Release Amount Records of Toxic and Concerned Chemical 
Substances. A ﬁ ne of NTD 60,000 was imposed. The non-reporting issue was rectiﬁ ed on November 21, 2022.
2.   In August 2022, under permit number 1110086003, the proxy for wastewater treatment at the South Science Park Branch resigned in June 2022. The resignation was not reported to the competent authority within 15 days after the incident, in violation of 
Article 21, Paragraph 2 of the Water Pollution Control Act, and Article 9, Paragraph 4 of the Regulations on the Establishment of Special Units or Personnel for Waste Water Treatment. A deferred ﬁ ne of NTD 10,000 was imposed. The deﬁ ciency was 
rectiﬁ ed on July 27, the same year.
3.    In June 2022, the Zhunan Plant violated Article 22-2 of the Labor Standards Act and was ﬁ ned NTD 20,000 by the Hsinchu Science Park Bureau. In July, it violated Article 38-4 of the Labor Standards Act and was ﬁ ned NTD 20,000 by the Hsinchu 
Science Park Bureau.
4.   In April 2022, the South Science Park Plant violated Article 38, Paragraph 4 of the Labor Standards Act and was ﬁ ned NTD 20,000 by the South Science Park Bureau. In May, it violated Article 43 of the Labor Standards Act and was ﬁ ned NTD 20,000 by 
the South Science Park Bureau.

2022 Sustainability Report
26
Risk Management 
To strengthen corporate governance and eﬀ ectively implement a robust risk management mechanism, our company approved the "Risk 
Management Policy and Procedures" in November 2022, formalizing the risk management process to achieve sustainable and stable 
operations. In line with our company's operational policies, we have established a risk management framework for identification, 
measurement, monitoring, and control of risks. The responsibility for this lies with the Corporate Sustainability Development Committee, 
in collaboration with the Audit Department, Corporate Governance and Partnership Enrichment Division, Environmental Change and 
Climate Change Division, and Social and Friendly Workplace Division. Within the scope of manageable risks, we aim to achieve a 
balance between risk and reward.
Board of Directors
Corporate Sustainability Development Committee
Audit Office (Executive Secretary)
The highest decision-making unit for risk 
management in the company, responsible 
for approving the company's risk 
management policy, framework, and 
establishing a risk management culture, 
and holds ultimate responsibility for 
overall risk management.
Based on the Risk Management Policy and 
risk assessment results, an annual audit plan 
is formulated to execute various system 
audit operations according to the plan. This 
assists the Board of Directors in overseeing 
and controlling potential risks associated 
with executive decisions, ensuring effective 
risk management in all operations, and 
providing timely improvement recommen-
dations as needed.
The Corporate Sustainability Development Committee is 
responsible for coordinating relevant departments in 
identifying, assessing, controlling, and monitoring risks, and 
regularly reporting the execution status to the Board of 
Directors.
．The Corporate Governance and Partnership Success 
Team is responsible for planning and overseeing the 
execution of business strategies to achieve operational 
efficiency and reduce strategic and operational risks. 
They also manage legal risk by adhering to government 
regulatory measures and handle potential contractual and 
litigation disputes to mitigate legal risks.
．The Environmental and Climate Change Team is 
responsible for planning and implementing industrial 
safety, environmental health, and environmental 
protection policies to comply with relevant legal 
requirements and reduce related risks.
．The Social and Workplace Friendliness Team is 
responsible for planning and implementing corporate 
social responsibility and workplace friendliness policies 
to comply with relevant legal requirements and reduce 
related risks.
 Risk Management Structure

2022 Sustainability Report
27
Step 1
Step 2
Step 4
Step 3
Step 5
Risk identification is the process of identifying risk factors that require management, taking into consideration the 
company's business characteristics, internal and external environments, and other factors. The potential risks that Savior 
Lifetec Group may face include:
1.Operational Risk: This includes risks related to corporate governance, reputation, strategy, operations, human resources, 
and the impact of signiﬁ cant domestic and international policy and legal changes on the company's sustainable operations.
2.Financial Risk: This refers to the possibility that the company's ﬁ nancial results may deviate from expected targets due to 
various unforeseeable and uncontrollable factors in various ﬁ nancial activities, leading to economic losses or potentially 
larger gains. This includes ﬁ nancing risk, investment risk, liquidity risk, foreign exchange and interest rate risk, credit 
risk from lending to others, endorsement and guarantee risk, risk from trading in derivative products, and the impact of 
ﬁ nancial decision-making on the company's ﬁ nances.
3.Operational Risk: This includes the risk of losses arising from inappropriate or erroneous internal operations, personnel, 
systems, or other external operations and related events. It encompasses risks related to legal compliance, information 
security, occupational health and safety management, and fraud.
4.Environmental Risk: This includes risks related to climate change, environmental pollution liabilities, natural disasters, 
and signiﬁ cant external hazards.
After identifying the potential risk items that the company 
may face, an analysis is conducted on the nature, scale, 
and the company's risk tolerance level for each business 
and operational activity. Appropriate risk measurement 
criteria are then established. For quantifiable risks, 
rigorous statistical analysis and technical methods are 
employed for analysis and management. For risks that 
are more difficult to quantify, their impact is described 
through textual narratives.
The risk analysis results, including the assessed risk 
levels, are compared with the company's established risk 
measurement criteria. Based on this comparison, risk 
prioritization is determined, serving as the basis for risk 
management decisions.
Each department head should continuously monitor 
and control the risk management execution of 
their respective responsibilities and management 
processes. They should take necessary actions 
as and when required to ensure effective risk 
management.
Appropriate responses to the identiﬁ ed risks should be taken as 
follows:
1.Risk Elimination: Conduct internal meetings to discuss 
necessary and feasible measures to eliminate the identified 
risks.
2.Risk Reduction: Set goals and implement related measures to 
reduce operational risks associated with signiﬁ cant issues.
3.Risk Diversification: The top management should convene 
relevant departments to explore various measures for 
diversifying risks.
4.Risk Transfer: Transfer the risk of losses or legal liabilities to 
others through contractual arrangements.
To ensure a comprehensive record of the risk 
management process and its execution, the company 
should regularly report the risk status to the Board 
of Directors for reference. This helps ensure that 
the management structure and risk control functions 
operate eﬀ ectively. Furthermore, the company should 
disclose relevant information about risk management 
on its website and in its annual report.
 Risk Management Process
Risk 
Identification
Risk 
Assessment
Risk 
Monitoring
Risk 
Mitigation
Risk Reporting 
&  Disclosure

2022 Sustainability Report
28
 Supply Chain Management 
In 2022, Savior Lifetec Group conducted its raw material procurement through its Taiwan headquarters. Raw materials procured from local suppliers in Taiwan accounted for 23% of the total 
procurement expenses, while materials from non-local suppliers accounted for 77%. The proportion of local procurement expenses increased compared to the 9% reported in 2021.
Proportions of Procurement Amounts from Main Suppliers for Raw Materials at Savior Lifetec Corp Taiwan HQ from 2019 to 2021   
Factory
Source
Percentage
2021
Percentage
2022
Percentage
Chunan
Local Procurement
6%
42,086,187 
4%
22,464,691
8%
Non-local Procurement
56%
661,696,539 
57%
124,837,709
45%
STSP Plant 2 (API)
Local Procurement
5%
52,440,831 
5%
33,473,754
12%
Non-local Procurement
23%
384,324,170 
33%
19,565,967
7%
Injection
Local Procurement
2%
10,777,072 
1%
7,789,120
3%
Non-local Procurement
7%
9,879,303 
1%
69,150,669
25%
Total
Local Procurement
14%
105,304,090 
9%
63,727,565
23%
Non-local Procurement
86%
1,055,900,013 
91%
213,554,345
77%
Primary and Key Suppliers
Savior Lifetec Group requires all suppliers to comply with Good 
Manufacturing Practice (GMP) requirements. The products supplied by 
the vendors must meet the internal specifications and quality standards. 
Additionally, suppliers are required to sign the "Supplier Code of Conduct" 
to demonstrate their commitment to responsible business practices.
Supplier Environmental, Occupational Health and Safety, and Labor Rights
Savior Lifetec Group conducts risk assessments by collecting relevant information before engaging with 
suppliers. All suppliers are required to sign the "Supplier Code of Conduct." However, in the current business 
environment, it may not be possible to explicitly include environmental, human rights, and occupational 
safety clauses in the contracts. In case a supplier is found to have a signiﬁ cant violation of corporate social 
responsibility, the company will terminate its cooperation and will not renew the contract with that supplier.
Changes in the Supply Chain in 2022
In 2022, the procurement market was aﬀ ected by the COVID-19 pandemic and the Russo-Ukrainian war, as well as lockdown measures in several Chinese provinces for epidemic prevention. These 
factors led to abnormal ﬂ uctuations in raw material prices and supply chain disruptions, along with uncertain demand signals.
In response to this situation, Savior Lifetec Group conducted investigations on issues such as "material shortages or capacity utilization due to expansion" and "impact of the Russo-Ukrainian war 
and Chinese lockdown measures" with our suppliers. We aimed to have an up-to-date understanding of the industry's current situation. Through internal production and sales coordination, we took 
measures to avoid any potential raw material supply disruptions. This included increasing the procurement of various raw materials and components, both from local and non-local suppliers, to 
ensure that our production needs were met.

2022 Sustainability Report
29
Supply Chain Management
In order to provide safe, reliable, and high-quality products, Savior Lifetec Corp collaborates with 
all partners in the raw material supply chain to jointly shoulder the responsibilities of sustainable 
development. We uphold the principles of integrity as the cornerstone of our partnership. Through 
regular supplier audits and questionnaires, we supervise our suppliers to fulﬁ ll their corporate social 
responsibilities, adhere to labor and human rights standards, and ensure safety, environmental 
protection, stable quality, on-time delivery, competitive pricing, and excellent service in the supply of 
raw materials, aiming for mutual success.
Supply Chain Management Performance
Starting from 2022, we have issued "Supplier Evaluation Forms" to assess the performance of 21 
suppliers based on two key indicators:
a) Whether the supplier has implemented ESG/CSR policies and guidelines.
b) Whether the supplier complies with local environmental and labor regulations.
We collected data from these 21 critical suppliers to inquire about their adherence to these indicators 
during the year 2021. Speciﬁ cally, we assessed whether their operations were in compliance with local 
environmental regulations and whether their employment practices adhered to local labor and human 
rights regulations.
(a) Investigation of whether the suppliers 
of Savior Lifetec Group complied with 
water, 
(b) Investigation of whether the suppliers of 
Savior Lifetec Group complied with labor 
and human rights regulations in 2021.
Compliant 100%
Compliant 90%
Compliant 57%
符合90%
符合90%
Non-compliant 10%
Non-compliant 43%
Main Suppliers:
In 2022, we conducted an ESG/CSR policy and guideline survey for our key 
suppliers. The results of the survey showed that 57% of the suppliers have already 
issued or established their ESG/CSR policies and guidelines. This indicates that a 
signiﬁ cant portion of our main suppliers are actively incorporating sustainability 
and corporate social responsibility principles into their operations.
In 2021, the proportion of suppliers within the Savior Lifetec Corp that had already 
implemented or established ESG/CSR policies and guidelines was not mentioned 
in the previous information. However, we are committed to continually monitoring 
and promoting ESG awareness among our suppliers.
In addition, we have also been actively encouraging our suppliers to adopt 
ISO14001 to promote green supply chains. As of 2022, 62% of the surveyed 
suppliers have obtained ISO 14001 certification, indicating a positive progress 
towards environmentally sustainable practices in our supply chain.
Non-compliant 38%
Compliant 62%
Suppliers with ISO 14001 Implementation
Investigation results are as follows

2022 Sustainability Report
30
Environmental Policies and Performance
SLC develops and produces antibiotic raw materials, small-molecule drugs, and peptide drugs, vertically integrating the supply of sterile raw materials with the production of injectable 
medications. SLC’s high-grade facilities comply with cGMP and regulatory standards in Japan, Europe, and the US.
We at SLC see and set as our goals to respect lives, care for public wellbeing, conserve energy, reduce carbon emissions, promote environmental harmony, and create a safe and healthy 
workplace. It takes the active participation of all employees to maintain the safety and health of workplaces, prevent employees from injuries, illness, and ﬁ nancial losses, and minimize 
environmental impact. We are committed to continuously promoting an eco-friendly  workplace, conserving resources, and reducing carbon emissions as we navigate towards a more 
sustainable future by implementing the following strategies:
S
V
O
A
I
R
ocial responsibility
ocation
bservation
ccountability
mprovement
egulation compliance
Caring for the environment:
Conserving the earth’s natural resources, 
reducing the impacts of carbon emissions
Making continuous improvement:
Enhancing safety and health performance, 
ensuring sustainable operations
Workplace health and safety 
Reducing safety risks, improving workplace 
health and safety
Legal compliance:
Increasing employee participation, adhering 
to environmental regulations
Communications:
Conveying information, engaging employees
Training:
Promoting health and safety concepts, 
creating a proactive culture 
Responsible department
Each year, environmental safety and health committee calls the environmental management 
meeting and reports to the board of directors. Starting in 2023, the committee and sustainable 
development committee will jointly present major topics and management indicators to the 
board of directors.
Actions
SLC keeps regular track of indicators associated with air quality, water conservation, water 
pollution, waste and resource management. Through process optimization,  we continuously 
enhance resource management practices. 
Sustainable Environment

2022 Sustainability Report
31
 Environmental Investment & Firm Performance
 Environmental Investment 
In 2022, SLC invested NTD14,860,000 in environmental controls, most of which went to 
wastewater treatment, air pollution prevention and control, soil pollution prevention, and 
industrial waste treatment to ensure all of its plants met regulatory requirements.
Water pollution prevention 

 Others  

Soil pollution 
prevention  

Air pollution 
preventions 

Treatment of industrial waste

2022  
SLC's environmental 
costs (in NTD)
 Environmental Performance Indicators：
In 2022,  SLC began to disclose environmental indicators across its sites, including energy intensity, 
GHG emission intensity, water use intensity, and waste intensity. Thanks to continuous process 
optimization, in 2022, SLC’s Chunan and Tainan locations experienced signiﬁ cant improvements in 
various intensity indicators, compared with 2021.




Energy intensity Million/Output value 
(million dollars)




GHG emission intensity
Tonnes CO๗e/Output 
value (million dollars)
&2
&2








Water Use Intensity
Million liters/output value 
(million dollars)




Waste intensity
Million/Output value 
(million dollars)
Signiﬁ cant improvements have been 
made in 2022 in various intensities, 
compared with 2021.

2022 Sustainability Report
32
Water Management, Pollution Prevention & Control
Water Use Management  
SLC’s water source is 100% tap water. In 2022, the total water withdrawal at the Chunan 
and Tainan plants combined was 76.92 million liters, down 16.22% from 2021. This 
signiﬁ cant reduction is largely due to process optimization at the Tainan facility. 
In the sterile processing at the Chunan plant, tanks were originally cleaned after each 
batch production was completed.  Following repeated tests to assure quality would not 
be compromised, now tank cleaning is performed after every three bath productions are 
completed. In 2022, a total of 146 batches were produced, saving up to 339,500 liters of 
tap water.
t th
ere
ed 
d af
re p
otal
lite
ptim
su
hre
avi
gin
s to
eve
uce
do
atio
ank
rep
for
hes
up 
th
re 
d t
aft
e pr
tal 
iter
ptim
ant
u
hree
avin
in
to 
ver
uced
dow
tion
nks
rep
form
es w
p t
e o
d te
afte
pro
al w
ters
tim
nt,
win
ree
vin
n
to 
very
ced
ow
ion
ks 
epe
orm
s w
p to
e or
tes
fter
pro
l w
ers
mi
nt, 
win
s pe
ee b
ing
na
o a
ery
ed,
w
on 
ks w
pea
rme
w
to
ori
test
ter 
rod
w
rs, 
miz
t, t
ing
pe
atc
e b
ng 
as
ry 
d, 
n a
s w
peat
me
we
o 
orig
ests
er e
odu
w
s, d
miza
 ta
ng 
per
tch
b
ng u
to
ass
y th
d, s
n at
we
eate
med
wer
o 
rig
sts 
r e
odu
, d
zat
tan
g r
erf
che
ba
g up
tot
li
assu
y th
 sa
at 
wer
ate
ed 
ere
igin
ts t
ev
duc
do
zati
ank
g re
rfo
he
ba
up
tota
lit
pt
ssu
thr
sav
at t
were
ted
d a
ere 
Withdrawal 
at Chunan and 
Tainan plants 
reduced by 
16.22%
in 2022.
Water Discharge Management 
SLC has planned and built appropriate wastewater treatment facilities based on the characteristics of the 
industrial wastewater discharged from its production sites. Measures are taken to reduce and classify 
wastewater from the source. Appropriate treatment facilities and technologies have been used to eﬀ ectively 
reduce pollutants. The company regularly commissions external organizations to conduct water testing or 
conducts standard testing procedures set by regulatory authorities to ensure the quality of industrial eﬄ  uent. 
Chunan and Tainan Plant Wastewater Disposal and Locations in 2022
Plant
Eﬄ  uent treatment
Discharge location
Chunan plant
treatment of 
organic wastewater
No. 29, Kezhong Rd., Zhunan Township, Miaoli 
County
Tainan plant
treatment of 
organic wastewater
No. 1, Nanke 6th Rd., Xinshi Dist., Tainan City 
(D01 outlet)
Note 1: All manufacturing sites comply with industry practices and eﬄ  uent standards set by local authorities. 
Note 2: Eﬄ  uents discharged from our manufacturing sites have no signiﬁ cant impact on local water bodies and habitats.
Domestic and industrial wastewater generated at the 
company’s manufacturing locations are discharged to the 
industrial parks’ sewerage system or the municipal sewer 
network. The quality of the effluents complies with the 
standards of local wastewater treatment facilities.
 Emission Management Indicator: Wastewater  Compliance Rate
We have identiﬁ ed COD and SS as the key disclosure points for priority attention in emission treatment. We will then compare them with local regulatory requirements to present and evaluate the results 
of wastewater treatment. The detection of common wastewater parameters such as ammonia nitrogen and nitrate nitrogen is not required due to the nature of the processes within the Savior Lifetec Corp.
Compliance Rate of Wastewater 
Discharge at Savior Pharmaceuticals 
has consistently reached 100% over 
the years.
2022 Key Emission Indicators Disclosure
Areas of Focus
Factory
Average Emission 
Concentration 2021
Average Emission 
Concentration 2022
Inspection 
Date
Compliance 
Standards
COD (mg/L)
Chunan Plant 1
145.25
61
2022. 9. 20
500
STSP Plant 2 
67.84
45.6
2022. 9. 20
450
SS (mg/L)
Chunan Plant 1
13.7
12.3
2022. 12. 8
300
STSP Plant 2 
3.26
1.65
2022. 12. 8
250
Note 1: The process characteristics and emission management standards vary for each plant, resulting in diﬀ erences in the treatment and standards comparison for water 
quality parameters across the plants.
Note 2: The average value of emissions concentration is calculated by averaging the reported test data and rounded to the nearest integer for presentation

2022 Sustainability Report
33
 Air Pollution Control
Savior Lifetec Corp. implements an air pollution control management mechanism that surpasses regulatory requirements. We align with the government-issued regulations on air pollution emissions and 
extensively utilize "low-pollution clean energy" and process improvements to reduce SOx and NOx emissions. We closely monitor domestic regulatory emission requirements as additional benchmarks 
for improving air pollution emissions, such as the Environmental Protection Administration's standards for hazardous air pollutants from stationary sources.
Based on the company's air pollution emission data records, it has been observed that particulate matter and nitrogen oxides have decreased from 2019 to 2022. However, the trends in volatile organic 
compound emissions have been inconsistent. In the future, Savior Pharmaceuticals Group will continue to adhere to regulations for managing air pollution emissions.
 
 
0.032
0.035
0.033
0.021
0
0
0
0
1.11
1.18
1.14
0.7
13.59
13.59
11.5
15.83
14.732
14.805
12.673
16.551
0
2
4
6
8
10
12
14
16
18
2019
2020
2021
2022
Emission Statistics of Chunan Plant over the years
Total Suspended 
Particulates (TSP)
Sulfur 
Oxides (SOx)
Nitrogen 
Oxides (NOx)
Volatile Organic 
Compounds (VOCs)
Total
0.01144
0.00714
0.00575
0.00632
0
0
0
0
0.38167
0.23796
0.1918
0.21081
2.13353
2.12271
1.47683
0.97074
2.52664
2.36781
1.67438
1.18787
0
0.5
1
1.5
2
2.5
3
2019
2020
2021
2022
Historical Emission Statistics of Southern Science Park Plant   (in metric tons)
 
 
0.0434
0.0421
0.0388
0.0273
0
0
0
0
1.4917
1.418
1.3318
0.9108
15.724
15.713
12.977
16.801
17.259
17.173
14.347
17.712
0
2
4
6
8
10
12
14
16
18
20
2019
2020
2021
2022
Historical Emission Statistics of Savior Pharmaceuticals (in metric tons)
Total Suspended 
Particulates (TSP)
Sulfur 
Oxides (SOx)
Nitrogen 
Oxides (NOx)
Volatile Organic 
Compounds (VOCs)
Total
Total Suspended 
Particulates (TSP)
Sulfur 
Oxides (SOx)
Nitrogen 
Oxides (NOx)
Volatile Organic 
Compounds (VOCs)
Total

2022 Sustainability Report
34
 Energy Use and Greenhouse Gas Management
Energy Used
In 2022, the total energy consumption of Savior Lifetec Corp was approximately 73,780,481 x 10^3 GJ, which 
decreased by 32.19% compared to 2021 when it was 108,802,528 x 10^3 GJ. The reduction in energy consumption 
was primarily attributed to lower usage of electricity, natural gas, steam, and diesel. In terms of energy intensity, 
the ﬁ gure for 2022 was 261,597.2 GJ per million in revenue, a decrease of 8.6% from 2021 when it was 286,195.8 
GJ per million in revenue.
10,000,000
2,000
50.00
13.5
100.00
14
150.00
14.5
200.00
15
250.00
15.5
300.00
16
16.5
20,000,000
4,000
30,000,000
6,000
50,000,000
10,000
40,000,000
8,000
60,000,000
12,000
14,000
Factory
Year
Electricity
Natural Gas
Total
Chunan 
Plant
2019
25,995,600
25,298,430
51,294,030
2020
26,054,712
27,237,036
53,291,748
2021
25,343,280
27,208,079
52,551,359
2022
18,995,040
16,328,884
35,323,924
STSP
Plant
2019
36,685,440
12,668,342
49,353,782
2020
43,518,240
11,270,033
54,788,273
2021
44,056,800
12,194,369
56,251,169
2022
28,437,840
10,018,717
38,456,557
Note 1: The above unit is 103GJ.
Note 2: The calculations are based on the latest announced energy values by the Bureau of Energy, such as electricity heat value: 
860 kcal/kWh, natural gas heat value: 8,000 kcal/m3, etc.
Note 3: Energy consumption conversion (GJ) = [Energy usage (unit) x Energy heat value (kcal/unit) x Heat value coeﬃ  cient (4.187 
x 10^3 J/kcal)] / 10^9.
2019
2020
2021
2021
2022
2022
Greenhouse Gas 
Our company has developed two key performance indicators (KPIs) for 
greenhouse gas inventory and energy usage management, namely "Energy 
Intensity (GJ per million in revenue)" and "Greenhouse Gas Emission Intensity 
(tonnes CO2e per million in revenue)."
Regarding the greenhouse gas inventory, scope one and two emissions are readily 
compiled as they pertain to "direct or controllable sources." However, scope 
three emissions are more challenging to aggregate due to their association with 
non-controlled sources. Based on Savior Lifetec Group's 2022 greenhouse gas 
emissions data, the estimated scope one emissions are 1317.5788 tonnes of carbon 
dioxide equivalent (CO2e) and scope two emissions are 6832.7946 tonnes of 
CO2e, resulting in a total of 8150.374 tonnes of CO2e. This represents a decrease 
of 32.6% compared to the emissions in 2021. Additionally, the carbon intensity 
has reduced by 36.5%.
Volume and Intensity of Greenhouse Gas Emission
Greenhouse Gas Emission Volume (tCO2e)
Compared to 2021, there is a decrease of 32.6% in 
greenhouse gas emissions while carbon intensity 
has also reduced by 36.5%.

2022 Sustainability Report
35
 Climate-related Financial disclosure (TCFD)
In response to the global climate change trend,  Savior Lifetec Corporation  has taken reference from the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) established 
by the Financial Stability Board (FSB). We have conducted a climate change risk and opportunity assessment, formally integrating climate governance into our corporate sustainability framework. We 
analyze climate-related risks faced in various scenarios, perform ﬁ nancial evaluations, and propose proactive measures accordingly.
Climate Governance
Savior Climate 
Governance Strategy
Risk Management
The Board of Directors is the highest governing body driving sustainable 
development at Savior Lifetec Corp. It is responsible for overseeing and 
reviewing the development of strategies and policy formulation across all aspects 
of the company, including risk identiﬁ cation and strategy formulation, to ensure 
that the company can mitigate future impacts and seize potential opportunities.
Under the authority of the Board of Directors, Savior established the Corporate 
Sustainability Development Committee in 2022, responsible for the governance 
of the company's sustainable development. The committee assists the company 
in assessing the market opportunities and operational impacts of climate change 
in the future, examining the scale and frequency of related issues, and how the 
company will respond to potential risks and take appropriate mitigation and 
adaptation measures.
From the perspective of our company's operations and 
future market trends, we have conducted an evaluation 
of the 17 climate-related risks and 20 climate-related 
opportunities presented in the TCFD guidelines. We 
have assessed the "likelihood" and "urgency" (short-
term, medium-term, and long-term) of these risks and 
engaged in discussions accordingly. Short-term refers 
to 1-3 years, while medium to long-term refers to 3-10 
years. Subsequently, we have developed mitigation and 
adaptation strategies in response to SDG 13's climate 
goals.
The Corporate Sustainability Committee 
serves as both the risk management authority 
and the unit responsible for overseeing and 
integrating potential risks that may affect 
our operations. This includes operational, 
ﬁ nancial, operational, and environmental risks, 
as well as climate-related risks. The committee 
is tasked with supervising the implementation 
of risk management practices within the 
company.
 Risk Management Process
1.Information 
   Management
5.Risk Reporting 
and Improvement
2.Risk Identiﬁ cation
6.Risk Information 
Communication
3.Risk Assessment
7.Risk Management 
Reporting
4.Risk Response 
Implementation
8.Risk Monitoring
Information collection 
on internal and external 
environmental changes.
Documentation/ Reporting, 
Reasonableness, 
Completeness, and 
Continuous Improvement
Understanding the 
sources of risks and 
their relevance to our 
company.
Utilizing tools and 
channels for internal and 
external communication
1.Risk Analysis - Assessing the probability 
and severity of the risks.
2.Risk Assessment - Determining the level 
of the risks.
3.Risk Prioritization - Ranking the risks 
based on their level of severity.
Via company's oﬃ  cial 
website, annual report, and 
sustainability report
∙ Avoidance 
∙ Transfer
∙ Elimination
∙ Acceptance
Continuously monitoring 
for both internal and 
external environments

2022 Sustainability Report
36
 Climate Risks and Opportunities
To further assess the potential financial impacts of climate change risks, Savior Lifetec 
Corp utilized a risk and opportunity matrix to identify signiﬁ cant climate-related risk issues. 
Subsequently, relevant financial evaluations and response strategies were conducted. The 
results are as follows:
Savior Lifetec Corp's Climate Risk Matrix
Savior Lifetec Corp's Climate Risk Matrix
Rising Raw Material Costs
Changes in Rainfall (Water) Patterns 
and Extreme Climate Variability
Increased Severity of Extreme 
Weather Events Such as 
Hurricanes and Floods
Greenhouse Gas 
Emission Pricing 
Rising Sea Levels Impacting Company Operations
Rising Average Temperatures Mandatory/
Legislative Requirements for Carbon 
Emissions Disclosure for Existing Products and Services
Legislative Requirements for 
Carbon Emissions Disclosure
Enhanced Reporting 
Obligations on Greenhouse 
Gas Emissions
Changes in customer behavior 
leading to reduced 
company revenue
Increasing costs of low-carbon 
technology transformation
Growing stakeholder concern 
and negative feedback
Shift in consumer preferences 
towards low-carbon products
Climate-related litigation 
risks due to market 
uncertainty.
Substituting existing products and 
services with low-carbon alternatives 
and lack of return for investments 
in new technologies
0.9
1.4
1.9
2.4
2.9
3.4
3.9
4.4
1
1.2
1.4
1.6
1.8
2
2.2
Probability
Impact
Savior’s Group TCFD Risk Matrix
Increasing resource 
efficiency through 
recycling and reuse
Reducing water usage 
and water consumption
Research and innovation in developing 
new products and services.
Adoption of more 
efficient production and 
distribution processes
Diversification of 
business activities
New Technologies Adoption
Creating Low-Carbon 
Products and Services
New Markets Entrance
Energy substitution / diversification
Leveraging public 
sector incentives. 
Shift in consumer 
preferences
using low-carbon energy
Transitioning to more 
efficient buildings
Adaptation of more efficient 
transportation methods
Participating in carbon 
trading markets
Transitioning to 
decentralized energy sources
Developing climate adaptation 
and insurance risk solutions
incentivizing policies
Participation in renewable 
energy projects and adopting 
energy-saving measures
1.5
2
2.5
3
3.5
4
4.5
1
1.5
2
2.5
3
3.5
4
4.5
Probability
Impact
Savior’s Group TCFD Risk Matrix
Risk resulted from 
Climate Change
Potential ﬁ nancial impacts
Physical Risk
Short Term：
Increased operational 
costs due to changes in 
precipitation and extreme 
climate patterns
Mid-Long Term：
Rising sea levels leading to 
adverse impacts on company 
operations, resulting in 
decreased revenue and 
increased operational costs.
Short Term：In response to water scarcity issues in the region where our 
subsidiary, g Rui Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd., is located, specifically in the 
Tainan Plant area, we have devised strategies and assessed potential financial 
implications for diﬀ erent stages of water conservation measures:
(1)First Stage: Oﬀ -peak and speciﬁ c time period water pressure reduction.
 Impact: Temporary supply from on-site water storage reservoirs mitigates 
any adverse eﬀ ects, thus remaining unaﬀ ected.
(2)Phase 2: For non-industrial water consumers exceeding a monthly usage 
of one thousand cubic meters, a reduction of 20% is imposed. Industrial 
consumers experience a reduction ranging from 5% to 20%, except for 
medical or specially designated cases exempted from this limitation.
 Mitigation Measures:
a.Initiate reduced-pressure water supply for non-industrial domestic use 
within the plant.
b.Enhance cooling tower concentration cycles to decrease discharge 
volume (from 1500 to 2000).
Financial Impact: Incurs only equipment maintenance costs.
(3)Phase 3: 5 days of water supply followed by 2 days of water suspension.
 Mitigation Measures:
a.Recycle discharged wastewater for use in sludge dewatering machines at 
the wastewater treatment plant.
b.Install additional water treatment equipment for discharged wastewater 
to supply cooling towers.
c.Enhance existing ROR (Reverse Osmosis Recovery) wastewater 
recycling and add RORR (Reverse Osmosis Recovery and Reuse) 
system.
d.Activate on-site backup water reservoir.
e.Implement water transport through water tankers.
 Financial Impact:
a.Approximately 150,000 USD investment required for sludge dewatering 
machine wastewater recycling.
b.Around 350,000 USD investment needed for adding water treatment 
equipment for discharged water to supply cooling towers.
c.Approximately 1.2 million USD investment required for adding RORR 
wastewater recycling system.
d.No additional investment required for activating on-site backup water 
reservoir.
e.Daily cost of water transport by tankers is 350,000 USD.
Mid-Long Term：
Rising sea levels pose an increased risk to the facility, potentially directly 
impacting company operations.
Transformation 
Risks
Short Term：
Increase in cost of raw 
materia
Mid Short Term：
High greenhouse gas 
emission prices leading 
to increased costs for the 
company
Rising average temperatures 
leading to increased costs.
Short Term：Climate change-induced disruptions in the supply of raw materials 
could lead to shortages and an imbalance in supply and demand, resulting in 
increased procurement costs. This, in turn, could elevate manufacturing costs.
Mid Short Term：When facing domestic regulatory revisions or increased 
international greenhouse gas emission costs, as 95% of products from Savior 
Lifetec Corp are exported resulting in higher operational costs
When average temperatures increases, operational costs might increase due to 
higher expenses associated with air conditioning, process temperature control, 
and other related factors in the company's facilities.

2022 Sustainability Report
37
Risk Category
Potential Financial Impact
Opportunities as a 
result of 
Climate-Change
Short Term：
Increasing resource eﬃ  ciency through 
recycling and reuse
Enhancing resource eﬃ  ciency by 
reducing water consumption and usage
Short Term：
Utilizing recycling can lead to cost reduction and 
enhance company reputation.
Enhancing resource eﬃ  ciency through the adoption of 
more eﬃ  cient production and distribution processes.
Scenario Simulation Strategy
To further assess organizational resilience, we have considered three scenarios to evaluate potential decarbonization strategies:
  Business as Usual (BAU): Represents the worst-case scenario with no changes made.
  2°C Scenario: Simulates the global warming scenario within 2 degrees Celsius, developed by the International Energy Agency 
(IEA).
  1.5°C Scenario: Simulates the global warming scenario within 1.5 degrees Celsius, developed by the International Energy 
Agency
In these diﬀ erent scenarios, we assessed the potential impacts of the risks and opportunities described by the TCFD guidelines. 
Overall, as climate action intensiﬁ es, the Matsumura Group will need to invest more in the transition to low-carbon technologies 
and oﬀ er more low-carbon products and services. While short-term costs may increase, there will be long-term beneﬁ ts.
 Risk and Opportunity Assessment Results for Savior Lifetec Corp under 2°C and 1.5°C Scenarios
Risks / 
Opportunities
Risk Categories
Assessment of Risks and Opportunities in Diﬀ erent Scenarios
2oC
1.5oC
Signiﬁ cance to Savior Lifetec Corp
Physical Risks
Changes in precipitation and extreme changes in climate patterns can 
lead to rising operational costs for the company (short term)
Cost Increase : ++
Cost Increase : ++
Variations in cost increase might not be significant across 
diﬀ erent scenarios
Rising sea levels can negatively impact the company’s operations, lead-
ing to decreased revenue and increased operational costs (Long Term)
Cost Increase : ++
Cost Increase : ++
Variations in cost increase might not be significant across 
diﬀ erent scenarios
Increase in average temperature can lead to rising costs for the company 
(mid-term)
Cost Increase : ++
Cost Increase : ++
Variations in cost increase might not be significant across 
diﬀ erent scenarios
Transition 
Risks
Impact of rising raw material costs can result in increased expenses for 
the company (short term)
Cost Increase : ++
Cost Increase : ++
Variations in cost increase might not be significant across 
diﬀ erent scenarios
Increase in greenhouse gas emission costs for the company (mid-term)
Cost Increase : ++
Cost Increase : ++
Variations in cost increase might not be significant across 
diﬀ erent scenarios
Opportunities 
from Climate 
Change
Enhancing resource eﬃ  ciency through recycling and reuse (short term)
Cost Increase : ++
Cost Increase : ++
When there is greater momentum in climate change, 
costs may increase, but in the long term, it will lead to 
greater beneﬁ ts.
Reducing water consumption and usage to enhance resource eﬃ  ciency 
(short term)
Cost Increase : ++
Cost Increase : ++
When there is greater momentum in climate change, 
costs may increase, but in the long term, it will lead to 
greater beneﬁ ts.
* Explanation of Impact Magnitude: +++ High Impact，++ Medium Impact；+ Minimum Impact
 Indicators and Goals
Using the 1.5°C scenario, our company will proactively seek carbon 
reduction measures, taking into account both Scope 1 and Scope 
2 emissions. We have established the following greenhouse gas 
management policy:
Planned Approach for 2023-2025
Taking proactive steps to reduce carbon emissions while 
maintaining carbon neutrality is our fundamental approach.
From 2023 to 2025
Progressive annual reduction in carbon emissions and 
implementing greenhouse gas inventories with established 
metrics, aligning with international trends, to work towards 
achieving carbon neutrality and net-zero emissions by 2050.

2022 Sustainability Report
38
Waste Generation and Management
Waste Management
In accordance with relevant government regulations on waste management, Savior Lifetec Corp has established a "Waste Management Procedure" to address generated industrial waste. The 
treatment methods encompass recycling and reuse.
Chunan 
113.33, 35%
STSP
202.85, 62%
Injection Plant 
11.45, 3%
Savior Lifetec Corporation' 
waste in 2022 amounted to 
a total of 327.63 metric tons, 
with waste proportions from 
various plants.
2020
2021
2022
328
451
731
2020
2021
2022
186.37
183.79
197.02
544.9806
266.838
130.61
Unit: Tonnes
Unit: Tonnes
Hazardous waste
Non-hazardous waste
The hazardous industrial waste generated by our company mainly composed 
of waste solvents. The disposal method involves self-incineration, with steam 
generated for internal use and also through reverse recovery with suppliers. 
All these disposal methods are exclusively entrusted to nationally certified 
professional clearance organizations (without any import or transit clearance 
activities), and we diligently adhere to the waste management procedures.
Changes in Total Waste handled at 
Savior Pharmaceuticals in Recent 
Years
Waste Composition Proportion at 
Savior Pharmaceuticals in Recent 
Years

2022 Sustainability Report
39
Non-hazardous 60%
Hazardous 40%
Waste Composition 
at Savior Lifetec 
Corporation 
in 2022
Waste Disposal Methods Adopted at Savior Lifetec Corporation in 2022
Non-hazardous
Recycle
Incineration
Landﬁ ll
Hazardous
0
50
104
31.6
99.01
0
26.89
56.13
100
150
200
This encompasses activities such as on-site classiﬁ cation, storage, and labeling of waste, evaluation and contracting of cleanup 
vendors, weighing and management of waste transportation vehicle routes, online reporting and confirmation through cleanup 
declaration forms, routine assessment and spot-checks of cleanup vendors (alongside periodic tracking to ensure proper handling 
of various waste types), as well as emergency response procedures. These measures are implemented to prevent additional 
environmental burdens and pollution risks posed by waste.
In the context of organic chemical synthesis in pharmaceutical production, substantial amounts of solvents are used. To address 
this, Savior Lifetec Corporation employs distillation and rectiﬁ cation techniques for solvent recovery, achieving recycling rates of 
73% to 79% in solvent consumption. Furthermore, for solvents that cannot be reused, wastewater treatment technology is utilized to 
facilitate self-decomposition and disposal.
All declarations and cleanup quantities for waste across our facilities are supported by records verifying proper waste management, 
ensuring that entrusted industrial waste is duly handled.
Amount of outsourced incineration of waste solvents 
in 2022 decreased signiﬁ cantly by 49.4% 
compared to 2021

2022 Sustainability Report
40
 Human Rights Policies
 Human Rights Policies 
Savior Lifetec Corporation upholds the management principle of respecting human dignity, places great importance on 
human rights-related issues, and continually revises its work regulations to comply with domestic and international laws 
and regulations. In response to the latest revisions of the labor laws by the government, the company has restructured the 
rules concerning working hours, wages, and leaves in the work regulations, ensuring that every employee can work with 
peace of mind and enjoy protection and security while working. This approach is aimed at cultivating a friendly and high-
quality workplace.
The company convenes labor-management meetings every three months in accordance with the law, where representatives 
from both sides communicate their opinions openly and sincerely. This approach fosters healthy labor-management 
relations and eﬀ ectively addresses employee suggestions, promoting cooperation between labor and management. This 
creates an environment where employees fully understand the company's signiﬁ cant policies and developments, enabling 
them to express their opinions in a timely manner and establishing an open communication channel. Through practical 
actions, the company practices the core principle of "Respect for Employees" in the Savior Pharmaceutical Group's 
business operations.
Adhering to international trends and corporate governance practices, the company has aligned its actions with the 
International Labour Organization's (ILO) four core workplace principles and rights. Based on the core values of the 
Savior Lifetec Corp's corporate culture, guiding philosophy, and the foundation of becoming a happy enterprise, the 
company also respects local regulations in its global operating locations. After multiple discussions at decision-making 
1.Compliance with Applicable Laws: Provide a safe and healthy working environment in accordance with relevant laws 
and regulations.
2.Elimination of Unlawful Discrimination: Ensure equal job opportunities and eradicate unlawful discrimination to 
promote equal rights for all.
3.Respect for Workplace Rights: Uphold workplace rights and treat all employees with respect and dignity.
4.Diverse Communication Channels: Establish channels such as suggestion boxes and employee complaint handling 
mechanisms to facilitate diverse communication. Provide employees with avenues to express their opinions and 
strengthen labor-employer cooperation.
5.Prohibition of Child Labor and Forced Labor: Prohibit the use of child labor and the practice of forced labor in any 
form.
6.Labor-Management Consultation: Foster open communication between labor and management through regular labor-
management meetings. Ensure the protection of the rights and interests of both parties.
7.Protection of Personal Data: Develop and implement the "Personal Data Protection Management Act" to safeguard 
and manage personal data in compliance with the law.
Blissful Workplace

2022 Sustainability Report
41
 Human Rights Training  (GRI 412-2)
Savior Lifetec Corporation complies with Taiwan's labor regulations and has already integrated human 
rights principles into the company's management practices. Therefore, there has not been a speciﬁ c plan 
for human rights training for employees in the past. However, to enhance our colleagues' understanding of 
relevant issues, we will incorporate human rights training into our educational programs in the future.
 Prevention of Sexual Harassment (GRI 2-25)
To prevent and address incidents of sexual harassment, Savior Lifetec Corporation has established 
effective corrective and remedial measures and provides necessary protection. We have formulated 
the "Employee Feedback and Complaint Box Management Regulations" and the "Workplace Sexual 
Harassment Complaint and Disciplinary Regulations." The latter includes deﬁ ning the scope of sexual 
harassment, establishing a Sexual Harassment Complaint Handling Committee, outlining the complaint 
and remedial mechanism, delineating the review procedure, ensuring confidentiality, and offering 
counseling and medical referral services.
Sexual Harassment Complaint Mechanism
Responsible Department: Human Resources
E-mail: hr2@saviorlifetec.com.tw
Savior Lifetec Corporation did not receive 
any reports of sexual harassment in 2022.
In 2022, Savior Lifetec Corporation 
was honored to receive the 1111 Job 
Bank Happy Workplace Silver Award.
 Labor-Employer Relationship
Savior Lifetec Corporation upholds the principle of integrity and, while safeguarding 
the rights of employees, formulates various management procedures and work rules in 
accordance with the principles of the Labor Standards Act. This ensures that employees 
receive fair compensation and enjoy a safe working environment.
The company adheres to legal requirements and regulations. In addition to providing 
national health insurance and labor insurance, we also oﬀ er group insurance coverage for 
all employees and conduct regular annual health check-ups. A Welfare Committee has been 
established to manage employee welfare initiatives and allocate relevant welfare funds. 
This includes allocating resources to diversify various welfare measures and activities, thus 
enhancing the well-being of our employees.
 Human Rights Evaluation  
In accordance with the Human Rights Policy, Savior Lifetec Corporation adheres to the principles of 
relevant human rights standards such as the United Nations Universal Declaration of Human Rights, 
the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights, the International Bill of Human 
Rights, the International Labor Organization Conventions, the ILO Declaration on Fundamental 
Principles and Rights at Work, the California Transparency in Supply Chains Act, and other related 
regulations. Additionally, the company complies with labor-related regulations such as the Labor 
Standards Act of the Republic of China and the Gender Equality in Employment Act, aiming to prevent 
any violation or infringement of human rights. This commitment extends to ensuring that all internal 
and external stakeholders are treated with respect and dignity.
Starting in 2022, we initiated supplier assessments to investigate whether suppliers complied with local 
social and environmental regulations during their operations in 2021. The results of these assessments 
are presented in Section "4-5 Supply Chain Management" of this report.
We also require suppliers to sign the "Supplier Code of Conduct" to ensure that they adhere to the 
following human rights standards
Prohibition of child labor and protection of underage workers from engaging in hazardous 
activities.
Respect for employees' freedom and prohibition of any form of forced labor or illegal overtime 
work.
Provision of safe and healthy working and living conditions.
Provision of an equal and fair working environment, prohibiting any gender or racial 
discrimination and harassment.
Provision of lawful and reasonable wages and beneﬁ ts.
Respect for employees' freedom of association and collective bargaining rights.
For complaints related to sexual harassment incidents, an electronic mailbox has been 
set up, and relevant information is prominently displayed in the workplace. Employees 
with complaints can reach out to designated committee members in their respective 
areas. Additionally, regular education and training on sexual harassment are conducted to 
cultivate the right preventive mindset among employees and eliminate instances of sexual 
harassment.

2022 Sustainability Report
42
 Company's Employee Composition Structure 
In 2022, Savior Lifetec Corporation had a total of 311 full-time employees, with a higher proportion of male employees compared to female employees. This is because the production sites primarily 
involve physically demanding and heavy work, which requires physical strength, leading to a higher representation of male employees in the production units. Conversely, administrative and clerical 
roles, which are less physically demanding, were predominantly occupied by female employees.
Male 62%  
Female 38%
Employee 
Structure
Managers 9%
Non-Managers 91%
over 51 years old    6%
31~50 years old  77%
Under 30 years old  17%
Functional 
Structure
Age Structure
2022 Employee Workforce Composition of the Company(GRI 2-7)(GRI 2-8)
 
Item
male
%
female
%
total
Rank
Managers
21
70.4%
8
29.6%
29
Non-Managers
171
60.2%
111
39.8%
282
age
Under 30 years old
32
54.6%
20
45.4%
52
31~50 years old 
149
62%
92
38%
241
over 51 years old
11
73.1%
7
26.9%
18
Employment 
type
direct
73
87.9%
14
12.1%
87
indirect
119
51.6%
105
48.4%
224
total
192
61.7%
119
38.3%
311
 Commitment to Recruiting Diverse Employees and Setting Targets for Female Workforce Representation
Savior Lifetec Corporation recognizes that diversity can increase business resilience and contribute to overall corporate performance. As a result, we remain committed to creating a diverse and inclusive 
workplace environment, striving towards becoming a happy company. While female employees currently constitute 38.3% of our workforce, a lower percentage compared to male employees, we are 
dedicated to fostering diversity and continuously working towards establishing a gender-friendly workplace.
Historical Ratio of Female Employees, Managers, and Directors
Number of People/Year
2020
2021
2022
Number and Share of Female Employees
137
27.0%
139
37.9%
119
38.3%
Number and Share of Female Managers
13
31.6%
13
35.4%
8
29.6%
Number of Female Directors
1
1
3
Percentage of Male and Female Managers (%)
Percentage/Year
2020
2021
2022
Percentage of Male (%)
70.6%
65.7%
65.9%
Percentage of Female (%)
29.4%
34.3%
34.1%

2022 Sustainability Report
43
Diversity Recruitment 
In recruitment and hiring, Savior Lifetec Corporation adheres to principles of honesty and integrity, without limiting nationality, gender, ethnicity, or religious beliefs. We cultivate a diverse workforce 
and ensure equal pay for equal work between men and women, striving to foster a culture of diversity.
In 2022, the company hired a total of 69 new employees and saw 130 formal employees leave. The majority of new and departing employees were in the age range of 31 to 50 years old. To enhance 
employee well-being, the company initiated an employee satisfaction survey in 2022, aiming to identify areas for improvement.
The age distribution of new hires and departures in 2022 (including STSP Plant, Injection Plant, subsidiaries, and Zhunan Plant)
Category
Group
Number of Male People
Percentage of 
Male New People
Number of Female People
Percentage of 
Female New People
Total
(Male + Female)
Age of new employees
Under 30 years old
20
55.6%
12
36.4%
32
31~50 years old 
14
38.9%
21
63.6%
35
over 51 years old
2
5.5%
0
0%
2
Subtotal
36
100%
33
100%
69
Age of departing 
employees
Under 30 years old
21
25%
10
21.7%
31
31~50 years old 
61
72.6%
31
67.4%
92
over 51 years old
2
2.4
5
10.9%
7
Subtotal
84
100%
46
100%
130
 Voluntary and Involuntary Departures
Savior Lifetec Corporation values human resource development, and in 2022, the company faced a wave of voluntary turnover along with intense competition for talent in the technology industry. This 
led to an increase in the voluntary turnover rate compared to 2021. The voluntary turnover rates for general employees and professionals rose from approximately 10% in 2021 to 14.59% and 18.51%, 
respectively. However, it is important to note that this phenomenon was more prevalent in the ﬁ rst half of the year, and the turnover rate eased in the second half of the year.
Item 
2020 年
2021 年
2022 年
Employee Turnover Rate
14%
21.5%
40.6%
Involuntary Turnover Rate
4.1%
13.3%
4.2%
Employee Turnover Rate(%)
Involuntary Turnover Rate(%)
2021
2022
2021
2022
Senior exec-utive
0.22%
0.28%
0.22%
0.00%
middle man-ager
0.88%
2.81%
1.10%
0.84%
professionals 
10.98%
18.51%
7.28%
3.37%
General staﬀ  
10.10%
14.59%
9.05%
8.13%

2022 Sustainability Report
44
 Salary Policy 
Savior Lifetec Corporation believes that our reward mechanism goes beyond 
providing a livelihood for employees; it serves as a vital tool to ensure 
external competitiveness and internal balance. In addition to regular salaries, 
we offer variable compensation, such as bonuses, based on individual 
performance and the achievement of organizational goals or profitability. 
Our approach is gender-neutral, as we aim to reward employees for their 
outstanding performance and share the success of our business with all team 
members.
 Employee Salaries 
According to the regulations stated in the "Instructions for Reporting Salary 
Information of Non-Managerial Full-Time Employees" issued by the Taiwan 
Stock Exchange, the weighted average number of non-managerial full-
time employees in 2022, after examination and calculation by accountants, 
was 275. The average salary of non-managerial full-time employees was 
NT$649,000, and the median salary was NT$601,000.
Management and Full-time Employee Salaries
project
2020
2021
2022
Number of full-time employees who are not in supervisory positions (person)
481
445
275
Average salary of full-time employees who are not in supervisory positions 
(thousand NTD / person)
611
650
649
Median salary of non-supervisory full-time employees
(thousand NTD / person)
564
601
601
Note: "Full-time employees excluding non-managerial positions" refers to the total number of employees (or regular employees) of 
the company excluding those who hold managerial positions (executives), overseas branch employees, part-time employees, and 
personnel who meet the criteria for exclusion or exemption from statistics (including both Taiwanese and foreign employees).
In 2022, the Gender Pay Ratio
Salary Range
Average Basic Salary
Gender Pay Ratio
Gender
male
female
male
female
Management
116,224
80,954
70%
30%
Non-management staﬀ 
52,065
41,036
61%
39%
 Training and Education 
In order to enhance employees' professional skills and foster research and development capabilities, we encourage our staﬀ  to participate in diverse educational and training programs. These programs 
include orientation for new employees, on-the-job training, and various job-speciﬁ c training courses, all aimed at cultivating highly skilled talent.
  In 2022, Savior Lifetec Corporation conducted both internal and external education and training programs on integrity, covering areas such as compliance with relevant regulations, GMP, EHS, 
accounting systems, and internal controls. A total of 2,328 participants attended these courses, amounting to 3,590 hours of training.
  The average number of training hours per employee per year 
 Item
Male Managers
Male Non-Managers
Female Managers
Female Non-Managers
Number of people
24
271
14
149
Total hours
1812
34865.5
466
13098.5
Average hours per person
122.3
206.34
96.9
142.6

2022 Sustainability Report
45
Over the past three years, the statistics for education and training hours and 
expenses
2020
2021
2022
Number of 
employees
Male
439 
384 
256
Female
180
189
162
Total
619
573
418
Training hours 
(hours)
Male (Managers)
1,972
1,812
643
Male (Non-managers)
33,851
34,866
12,809
Female (Managers)
579
466
210
Female (Non-managers)
13,320
13,099
5,615
Total
49,721
50,242
19,277
Average training 
hours per person 
(hours)
Male (Managers)
137
116
55
Male (Non-managers)
178
206
154
Female (Managers)
98
98
46
Female (Non-managers)
137
143
115
Total
550
563
370
Training expenses 
(NTD)
Male (Managers)
67,000
39,540
76,681
Male (Non-managers)
398,910
103,310
159,920
Female (Managers)
44,420
15,100
38,700
Female (Non-managers)
79,160
93,320
98,318
Total
589, 490
251,270
363,619
Foundational training includes:
  Company history, organizational structure, policies, and beneﬁ ts introduction.
  Overview of the quality system.
  Fundamental principles of data integrity.
  Occupational safety and health awareness.
Specialized training: Tailored for new employees or those newly assigned to specific job 
functions, this training focuses on the future tasks and technical skills required for their 
respective roles.
 Performance Evaluation
The SLC Group has established the "Employee Performance Evaluation Management 
Regulations" as a reference for training and developing employees, providing guidance to 
employees, facilitating communication between managers and employees, and serving as 
the basis for salary adjustments, promotions, year-end bonuses, employee stock options, and 
stock allocations. The evaluation is conducted twice a year, with ﬁ nal approval by the General 
Manager for all employees across the company. The HR department is responsible for the 
implementation, maintenance, and revision of the regulations, while supervisors at all levels 
conduct performance evaluation interviews and assessments with their respective employees. 
As of the end of 2022, all regular employees have completed their performance evaluation 
assessments, reaching 100% completion.
In 2022, all 69 new employees have 
completed 100% of the new employee 
training and necessary specialized training.
 Labor-Management Communication and Employee Care
 Labor-Management Communication
Savior Lifetec Corporation values employee rights and regards labor-management 
communication as a means to encourage the establishment of friendships among employees, 
improve individual well-being, and ultimately contribute to the company's proﬁ tability. It also 
aims to enhance workplace relationships, and facilitate the integration of resources and skills 
between labor and management.
We hold labor-management meetings and employee welfare committee meetings every quarter 
in compliance with the law. We have also implemented the "Employee Opinion and Complaint 
Box Management Regulations" and the "Measures for Prevention of Sexual Harassment and 
Complaints and Disciplinary Actions" to promote positive communication with our employees.
 New Employee Training
For new employees, Matsumura provides new employee training to help them quickly understand the 
company's background, organizational policies, regulations, and operational procedures. The training 
includes both foundational and specialized programs.

2022 Sustainability Report
46
 Occupational Health and Safety
We have developed occupational safety and health policies in accordance with relevant regulations 
such as OHSAS 18001 Occupational Health and Safety Management System, TOSHMS Taiwan 
Occupational Safety and Health Management System, Occupational Safety and Health Act, and its 
implementing regulations. Additionally, we have established procedures for the formulation and 
revision of occupational safety and health policies.
 Occupational Health and Safety Policy
Savior Lifetec Corporation specializes in the manufacturing and sale of medical pharmaceuticals, 
as well as the research and production of small molecules and peptide drugs. We operate vertically 
integrated aseptic production facilities, from sterile raw materials to ﬁ nal dosage forms, following 
the highest standards such as cGMP, as set by government health authorities in Japan, Europe, the 
United States, and other regions.
All employees at Matex Pharmaceuticals recognize the value of respecting life, caring for health, 
enhancing well-being, fostering labor-management harmony, and improving the quality of work and 
life. Our shared goal is to create a work environment that ensures occupational safety and health, 
prevents injuries, diseases, property loss, fires, and occupational hazards. To achieve this, every 
employee is encouraged to actively participate in activities that promote safety and health.
In order to fulfill these objectives, we commit to continuously improve our occupational safety 
and health management and performance to achieve sustainable operations. We will implement the 
following strategies to meet our goals:
Occupational Safety and Health Responsibilities
The Occupational Safety and Health Department is managed by colleagues who 
possess professional qualiﬁ cations in occupational safety and health.
Measures for Safeguarding Employee Work Environment and 
Personal Safety
Our company has developed specific occupational safety and health management 
measures based on standards such as OHSAS 18001:2007, TOSHMS CNS15506:2011, 
Occupational Safety and Health Act, and its implementing regulations.
Work Environment
• Establishing a Safety Committee chaired by the highest management of the 
company, convening regular meetings to review and discuss safety and health 
management matters.
• Conducting semi-annual assessments of the operational environment within the 
premises to safeguard the physical and mental well-being of employees.
• Implementing improvements in response to abnormal incidents and conducting 6S 
inspections and audits to continuously enhance the safety of the work environment.
• Promoting a smoke-free workplace, creating a comfortable and healthy environment 
for employees to work in.
• Installing fire protection systems, conducting annual fire system inspections and 
reporting, regularly inspecting ﬁ re facilities, and maintaining environmental safety.
• Conducting annual inspections of buildings and public safety.
• Performing regular thermographic inspections of electrical equipment.
• Establishing an emergency response team, procuring emergency response equipment 
to address abnormal incidents.
• Providing protective equipment to operational personnel to ensure work safety.
• Installing alarm detectors in hazardous areas to ensure premises and personnel 
safety.
• Deploying Automated External Deﬁ brillators (AEDs).
• Conducting regular drinking water tests to safeguard employee health.

2022 Sustainability Report
47
Machinery and Equipment
• In compliance with regulatory requirements, safety and hygiene work guidelines have 
been established, along with safety operating standards for various machinery and 
equipment, for employees to adhere to during operations.
• A plan for the automatic inspection of hazardous equipment has been formulated, with 
regular checks conducted to ensure the safe operation of machinery and equipment.
• Lifting equipment undergoes regular maintenance to ensure safe operation of the 
machinery and equipment.
• Security personnel are stationed across the premises, and access control card systems 
are implemented in oﬃ  ce areas.
Health Check-up
• Newly hired employees undergo physical examinations before starting their job, and 
all employees undergo annual health check-ups to understand their health conditions.
• Specialized job personnel undergo special health check-ups annually to assess their 
health conditions in relation to their speciﬁ c tasks.
• Health check-up promotion activities, such as health lectures and physician 
consultations, are conducted to encourage employee participation in maintaining their 
health.
Educational Training
• New employees are provided with educational training in accordance with regulations 
to enhance their safety awareness.
• Supervisors responsible for machinery operation and hazardous operations undergo 
educational training as per regulatory requirements and obtain relevant qualifying 
certiﬁ cations.
• Continuous EHS education, training, and awareness programs are conducted to 
enhance employee awareness and knowledge.
• Control measures for hazardous operations are implemented to reduce the occurrence 
of accidents due to unsafe behaviors.
• Regular drills for natural disasters or emergencies caused by human error, such as 
fire and earthquake drills, are held to ensure that employees can follow emergency 
response plans, minimizing their impact.
• Fire safety training is conducted for employees every six months to reinforce fire 
safety awareness among colleagues.
 Procurement of Toxic Substances
Toxic substances used in processes and laboratories 
are declared based on their toxicity and managed 
according to the Chemical Management Procedure. 
An internal process for the procurement of toxic 
substances has been established, requiring approval 
from the Environmental Health and Safety 
department before any purchases can be made.
Toxic Substances Procurement Process
Purchase of chemical by user
Apply via ERP System
Approval obtained via EHS
NG 
Purchase 
rejected and use 
needs to obtain 
special approval 
and resubmit 
application
Purchasing Department
ERP determines if chemical is on 
"Hazardous Product List"

2022 Sustainability Report
48
 Workplace Safety and Occupational Health Training
In the year 2022, the completion rate for new employee education and training in Savior Lifetec Corporation  was 100%. The completion rate for hazard awareness training was 100%, ﬁ re safety training 
was 100%, hazardous incident response training was 100%, emergency response training was 100%, and contractor education training was 100%.
Savior’s Group Occupational Health and Safety Training Statistics for the Year 2022
Chunan
Category
Audience
Regulatory License Training
On-the-job Training
Emergency Drills (Disaster)
Contractor Training
New Employee Orientation 
and Training
New Employee
Beginners’ Certiﬁ cation 
Training
Refreshers’ Certiﬁ cation 
Training
Designated or General 
Personnel
Designated or General 
Personnel
Vendors / Contractors
Total headcount
45
7
20
0
287
23
Total hours
270
146
94
0
451.5
23
STSP
Category
Audience
Regulatory License Training
On-the-job Training
Emergency Drills (Disaster)
Contractor Training
New Employee Orientation 
and Training
New Employee
Beginners’ Certiﬁ cation 
Training
Refreshers’ Certiﬁ cation 
Training
Designated or General 
Personnel
Designated or General 
Personnel
Vendors / Contractors
Total headcount
132
3
28
633
175
45
Total hours
792
54
118
949.5
262.5
45
 Implementing health services and promotional activities to reduce health risks
In accordance with the regulations of the Labor Health Protection Act, our company collaborates with the on-site employee clinic and local hospitals, engaging family medicine practitioners and nursing 
staﬀ  to provide on-site medical services. This is aimed at reviewing the health status of new hires based on their medical examination reports and conducting annual health check-up assessments for 
employees, as required by regulations.
Savior Lifetec Corp Health Promotion Statistics Table for the Year 2022
Category
Audience
Frequency
Category 
Chunan
 (No. of employees / N0. of 
Occurrences)
STSP
 (No. employees / N0. of 
Occurrences)
General health checks
New hires and all employees.
Health checks before new 
employees report for duty and 
annually for all employees.
In accordance with the provisions of the "Regulations on 
Labor Health Protection," as required by the speciﬁ ed 
items.
1.Health checks for new 
employees: 30 employees
2.General health checks: 99 
employees
1.Health checks for new 
employees:  48 employees
2.General health checks 230 
employees
Specialize health checks
Newly hired or transferred 
employees engaged in hazardous 
health-related operations.
Health checks before new 
employees report for duty and 
annually for all employees.
In accordance with the provisions of the "Regulations on 
Labor Health Protection," as required by the speciﬁ ed 
items.
Specialize health checks: 33 
employees
Specialize health checks: 9 
employees
Health check promotion 
activities
(health seminars and 
physician consultations)
All employees
As required
1.Health Seminars:
a.“My Healthy Plate”
b.PM2.5 and Cancer
c.Traditional Chinese Medicine for Respiratory Health
e.Fatty Liver and Metabolic Syndrome
2.On-site Services by Physicians and Nurses
1.147 employees / 294 hours
2.46 employees / 80 hours
1.303 employees / 454.5 
hours
2.102 employees / 96 hours

2022 Sustainability Report
49
Recent Occupational Accident Statistics and Occupational Health and Safety 
Management Statistics
Chunan
Key Performance Indicators (KPIs)
2021
2022
Lost Time Injury Frequency
3.11
0
Disabling Injury Frequency
3.11
0
Disabling Injury Severity Rate
18.67
0
Occupational Disease Rate
0
0
Occupational Fatality Rate
0
0
Severe Occupational Injury Rate
0
0
On-Record Occupational Injury Rate
0
0
Total Number of Fatal Accidents
0
0
STSP
Key Performance Indicators (KPIs)
2021
2022
Lost Time Injury Frequency
2.19
6.05
Disabling Injury Frequency
2.19
6.05
Disabling Injury Severity Rate
2.19
15.13
Occupational Disease Rate
0
0
Occupational Fatality Rate
0
0
Severe Occupational Injury Rate
0
0
On-Record Occupational Injury Rate
0
0
Total Number of Fatal Accidents
0
0
The calculation methods are based on the indicators announced by the Occupational Safety and Health 
Administration, Ministry of Labor, Taiwan, and GRI 403: Occupational Health and Safety:
Lost Workday Injury Frequency Rate = (Number of Occupational Injuries / Total Working Hours) × 10^6
Disabling Injury Frequency Rate = (Total Number of Disabling Injuries / Total Working Hours) × 10^6
Disabling Injury Severity Rate = (Total Days Lost Due to Disabling Injuries / Total Working Hours) × 10^6
Occupational Disease Rate = (Number of Recognized Occupational Diseases in the Year / Total Working 
Hours) × 10^6
Fatality Rate Due to Occupational Injuries = (Number of Fatalities Due to Occupational Injuries / Total 
Working Hours) × 10^6
Severe Occupational Injury Rate = (Number of Severe Occupational Injuries Excluding Fatalities / Total 
Working Hours) × 10^6
Recordable Occupational Injury Rate = (Number of Recordable Occupational Injuries / Total Working Hours) 
× 10^6
