
180
182
194
196
199
200
200
202
202
203
206
208
210
Report information
Chairman's Message
2022 Awards and Acknowledgments
ESG Performance Highlights
Sustainable Governance Operation Mechanisms
Stakeholder Communication and Materiality Analysis
Sustainable Development Goals
02
04
06
09
10
14
22
104
112
125
42
46
56
68
78
84
89
95
97
Exterior wall painting
of Ximen Branch
CONTENT
01
02
Business Performance
Risk Management and Continuous
Operation
Responsible Finance
ESG Products and Services
Information Security and Privacy Protection
Corporate Governance
Ethical Management and Fair Customer
Treatment
Tax Governance
Prevention of Money Laundering,
Financial Fraud and Terrorism Financing
Digital Innovation and Inclusiveness
Social Impact
Protections for Human Rights and
Gender Equality
Diverse Talent Recruitment and Skills
Cultivation
Talent Retention and Accessibility
Benefits
Occupational Safety and Health
128
134
146
154
164
173
03
Climate Strategy and Management
Climate Action 
Sustainable Procurement and
Supplier Management
Environmental Factors
Governance Factors
Social Factors
Independent Assurance Opinion Statement
Independent Limited Assurance Report (SASB)
Various Certifications
Index Table of 2022 Global Reporting Initiative (GRI)
Distribution Table of Indicators Disclosed by the
GRI for Financial Service Industries
United Nations Global Compact Principles
Comparison Table of Social Responsibility Guidelines
Comparison Table of the Six Principles of the UN
Principles for Responsible Banking (PRB)
Taiwan Stock Exchange Corporation Rules
Governing the Preparation and Filing of
Sustainability Reports by TWSE Listed Companies
Climate Related Data of First Financial Holding
Greenhouse Gas Verification Statement
Sustainable Operation Indicators
SASB Sustainability Disclosure Topics & Accounting
Metrics Content Index

   Reporting period
First Financial Holdings' 2022 Report complies with 2022 GRI reporting standards in 
disclosing the Company's performance and execution in terms of social, environmental, 
and governance ("ESG") aspects in 2022 (January 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022). The 
information has been approved by the Chairman prior to disclosure and contains 
information, which has not been reorganized, relevant to differences or growth from 
2019-2021.
   Scope and boundary
The contents of this Report encompass First Financial Holding Company and its seven 
subsidiaries: First Bank, First Securities, First Securities Investment Trust, First Life 
Insurance, First Financial Asset Management (hereinafter referred to as "First Financial 
AMC"), First Consulting, and First Venture. All related statistics are calculated based on 
the general international standard indices, and all financial numbers are denominated 
in New Taiwan Dollars (NTD).
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
Sustainability Reports from past years
02
First Financial Holding Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “FFHC” or “the Company”) 
issued the first Corporate Social Responsibility Report (2011, hereinafter referred to 
as “the Report) in 2012, and has been continuously preparing and issuing the Report 
for 12 consecutive years. The last issue was in June 2022, The Report has been 
revised in accordance with the "Taiwan Stock Exchange Corporation Rules Governing 
the Preparation and Filing of Sustainability Reports by TWSE Listed Companies”, 
amended the name to "Sustainability Report”. Furthermore, the English version of the 
Report (2014) has been issued since 2015. The Report transparently disclose the 
sustainable development strategies, actions, performance and future plans of FFHC 
and its subsidiaries (the Group), and collect opinions and feedbacks from major 
stakeholders to adjust the sustainable management policy.
Report information
REPORT
INFORMATION

The Global Reporting Initiative, GRI
Sustainability Accounting Standards Board, SASB
ISO 26000 Social Responsibilities Guidance
Equator Principles, EPs
United Nations Global Compact
Sustainable Development Goals, SDGs
Principles for Responsible Banking, PRB
Principles for Responsible Investment, PRI
Principles for Sustainable Insurance, PSI
Green Bond Principles, GBP
Social Bond Principles, SBP
Sustainability Bond Guidelines, SBG
Responsible Tax Principles
2021 GRI Sustainability Reporting Standards
GRI guidelines and financial services sector disclosure standards
Sustainable Development Best Practice Principles for TWSE/TPEx Listed
Companies
Taiwan Stock Exchange Corporation Rules Governing the Preparation and
Filing of Sustainability Reports by TWSE Listed Companies
Taiwan Stock Exchange Corporation
International Advocacy
External assurance of report
Environmental Protection
Administration, Executive Yuan
British Standards Institution, BSI
Ernst & Young Global Limited
PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) Taiwan
British Standards Institution, BSI/
SGS Taiwan
SGS Taiwan
Environment and Development
Foundation
Environmental Education Site
Product Carbon Footprint Label (First Bank Counter Service/Credit Card)
Product Carbon Footprint Reduction Label (First Bank Counter Service)
AA 1000 Assurance Standard application type 2 high level of assurance.
ISO 45001 Safety and Health Management System.
ISO 20000 IT Service Management System
ISO 14064-1 Greenhouse Gas Inventory
ISO 50001 Energy Management System
ISO 14001 Environmental Management System
ISO 20400 Sustainable Procurement - Guideline
ISO 46001 Water Efficiency Management Systems
ISO 14064-1 Scope 3 (Indirect greenhouse gas emissions in transportation - Business travel)
Corporate Governance Section, Administration Division, 
First Financial Holdings Co., Ltd.
Tel: +886-2-23485366
Fax: +886-2-23119691
Address: 30, Sec. 1, Chung King S. Rd., Zhongzheng Dist., 
Taipei City
E-mail: i15906@fhc.com.tw
Website: https://csr.firstholding.com.tw/en/csr_report2.html
Commercial Banks  Accounting Standard ,Consumer Finance Accounting Standard
Standard
Certification Bodies
Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures,
TCFD
TCFD Recommendations
03
Reporting principles
Contact method 
Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) Report (Conformity) Verification Statement 
ISO 27001 Information Security Management System
SAES No. 1 “Assurance Engagements Other than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial
Information”（SASB-Commercial Bank、SASB- Consumer Finance） 
Accounting Research and Development Foundation of Taiwan, Statement of Auditing
Standard No. 34 "Implementation of Financial Information Agreement Procedures"
ISO 14064-1 Scope 3 (Indirect greenhouse gas emissions from products used by
organization - Disposal of waste generated in operations)
BS 10012 Personal Data Management System
Carbon Footprint Verification Statement (First Bank Counter Service)
Product Carbon Footprint Criticality Verification Statement (First Bank Credit Card)
SAES No. 1 “Assurance Engagements Other than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial
Information (Taipei Exchange Operation Directions for Sustainable Bonds,GBP,SBP,SBG.)

In 2022, as the world gradually decided to coexist with Covid, prevailing 
factors including geopolitical risk, the global spread of inflation, and 
sagging international trade volumes set the stage for the global 
economy to enter a prolonged post-Covid recuperation period. The 
Group has nevertheless sought to strengthen its operating resilience on 
its solid foundation by actively creating new post-pandemic growth 
momentum; internally, the Group will combine core business with ESG 
factors, and continue to focus on innovation in financial technology and 
manpower training; externally, it will actively comply with government 
policy, and influence customers and industry to reduce carbon emissions 
and pursue sustainable development. Thanks to the concerted efforts of 
the Group's employees, our assets surpassed NT$4.16 trillion in 2022, 
and consolidated earnings reached NT$67.756 billion; net earnings 
after tax totaled NT$20.596 billion, which represented annual growth of 
4.34% and set a new record, while consolidated ROE and ROA were 
9.18% and 0.52%, respectively, and the earnings per share after tax was 
NT$1.56.
The use of the power of financial markets to promote corporate 
sustainable development has become a core value in international 
financial development policies. To incorporate ESG (environmental, 
social and governance) into its corporate culture with the management 
philosophy of “Building Ethical Governance for a Sustainable Future,” 
FFHC established the CSR Committee in 2011, but this committee was 
renamed the ESG Committee in 2022. The ESG Committee has six 
trans-company 
groups 
working 
under 
it, 
namely, 
“Corporate 
Governance”,“Responsible Finance”, “Sustainable Financial Products 
and Services”, “Employee Care”, “Environmental Sustainability”, and
“Community Engagement”. ESG performance indicators were incorpo-
rated into the performance evaluation of subsidiaries to accelerate our 
progress in promoting sustainable development.
FFHC continued to strengthen climate change governance in response 
to business risks in the finance industry brought forth by climate change. 
The Responsible Finance, Sustainable Financial Products and Services, 
and Environmental Sustainability Working Groups of the ESG Committee 
are tasked with identifying potential climate change risks and opportuni-
ties. The groups use the Climate-Related Financial Disclosures 
Recommendations published by the Task Force on Climate-Related 
Financial Disclosures (TCFD)to check and identify the operation risks and 
opportunities of the Company due to climate change, establish 
mitigation measures, set short-, medium- and long-term goals, follow up 
on KPI results, and report implementation results to the Board of 
Directors. The Group has also performed scenario analysis of climate 
risk cases, has quantified the financial impact of climate-related risks, 
and continues to publish reports in accordance with the 2021 
recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial 
Disclosures (TCFD). The Group further received a Level-5+ audit 
statement—the highest grade—from the British Standards Institution (BSI), 
and presented a report concerning the results of climate change risk 
assessment, mitigation measures, and state of implementation to the 
Group's highest management level, the Financial Holding Board of 
Directors. We have submitted action plans on the basis of risk impact 
and opportunity assessment for different industries and assets types, 
performed scenario analysis for major carbon emitters, incorporate 
climate risk management in business processes, and rely on control of 
risk indicators and targets to constantly adjust business strategies and 
strengthen climate governance. Our subsidiary First Bank is a signatory 
to the Equator Principles (EPs) In addition, four taskforces under the 
Green Finance Committee: "Sustainable Lending," "Sustainable 
Investment," "Climate-related Financial Disclosure (TCFD)” and "Carbon 
Disclosure," incorporate climate-related risks into the company’s overall 
risk assessment framework and convene quarterly meetings to give the 
Committee a report on implementation progress.
Responding to the net zero carbon trend, First Financial Holdings was 
selected as a member of the Financial Supervisory Commission's 
"Coalition of Movers and Shakers on Sustainable Finance" in 2022, and 
adopted the Partnership for Carbon Accounting Financials' (PCAF) 
financial carbon inventories and SBTi (Science Based Target initiative) 
carbon reduction pathways. First Financial Holdings and its subsidiaries 
have completed greenhouse gas inventories of all business locations in 
Taiwan and abroad, and since 2023 has complied with the Science 
Based Targets (SBT) for carbon reduction, which seek to control warming 
to under 1.5°C. Annual reduction targets of 4.2% of emissions during the 
baseline year (2021) have been set for the Group's Scope 1 and Scope 
2 emissions, and the proposals of the Partnership for Carbon Accounting 
and Financials (PCAF) and SBTi have been adopted. Carbon emissions 
inventories employing the PCAF's methodology have been conducted of 
investment financing positions, and short-, mid-, and long-term carbon 
reduction targets for major investment financing business have been set 
on the basis of inventory results. It is expected that we will issue 
science-based targets (SBT) for carbon reduction at the end of 2024.
In addition, since 2009, the Group has introduced many green financing 
programs, promoted sustainable development, and supported 
industries in transitioning into a low-carbon economy. As of the end of 
2022, cumulative approved domestic and foreign green financing 
projects reached NT$193.07 billion. The Group also launched 
sustainability-linked loans offering preferential interest rates to 
companies whose environmental performance indicators had improved 
compared with the previous year. As of the end of 2022, a cumulative 
total of NT$106.5 billion in approved sustainability-linked loans had 
been granted to 69 clients. We also provide funds needed for programs 
to improve the environmental effectiveness of pollution controls, green 
transportation, green building/green factory, and energy and resource 
conservation. By steering companies' and investors' investments into 
green, sustainable industries, we are helping Taiwan's industry speed up 
its progress toward the goal of net zero emissions. We have also 
introduced ESG-concept funds and sustainable development bonds, 
which are used to help companies develop renewable energy, such 
through development of solar and wind power generating facilities. We 
are encouraging companies and investors to invest in clean energy 
industries, which will promote progress toward the goal of net zero 
carbon emissions; Additionally, First Consulting raised and managed a 
green energy fund of NT$780 million and First Venture Capital also 
invested NT$333 million in the construction of solar power plants with a 
total installed capacity of approximately 66.5MW. Once the power 
plants are completed, they are expected to reduce carbon emissions by 
66,500 tons CO2e each year.
To create a low-carbon city in response to the government's green 
energy policy, FFHC led by example by establishing a "Green Building 
Certification Program" team in 2010. As of the end of 2022, we have 
refurbished 31 existing buildings, which have all received the Green 
Building Mark from the Ministry of the Interior (including Diamond class 
for 28 buildings, Bronze class for one building, and Certified for two 
buildings). Two newly constructed buildings have obtained the 
Gold-class Green Building Mark. Our London branch passed green 
building mark certification conducted by Britain's Building Research 
Establishment in 2021. Through these green buildings, we reduced 
annual carbon emissions by 2,878 tons CO2e in 2022.
In addition, FFHC has constructed 20 solar-powered branches yielding 
an annual carbon reduction of 130.68 tons CO2e; Between 2015 and 
2022, we purchased green electricity and carbon credits, reducing 
carbon-generated power consumption by a total of 5,060,900 kWh, and 
set a target of producing and using 210 MWh of renewable energy in 
2022. We are continuously increasing our use of renewable energy and 
have implemented environmental sustainability policies. We have 
installed solar power facilities and ecological hydroponic green roofs 
with rainwater harvesting on our Wanhua, Huashan, and Changan 
branch buildings, creating zero carbon aquaponic farms that generate 
solar power, harvest rainwater, and grow fish and vegetables. These 
branches tangibly support the three concepts of production, life, and 
ecology, and generated 4,476 kWh of power in 2022, which was 
equivalent to a reduction in carbon emissions of 2.28 tons CO2e. Our 
Wanhua Branch has been certified by the Environmental Protection 
Administration as an "Environmental Education Facility." We have also 
introduced environmental financial education courses in the four core 
areas of energy conservation and carbon reduction in green buildings, 
climate change risk management, green loans and loan review, and 
green consumer finance. We held 27 environmental education sessions 
for enterprises, government agencies, and schools in 2022, with a total 
of 718 people participating; We are actively promoting urban renewal 
and the accelerated rebuilding of hazardous old buildings by providing 
"Preferential Loans for Accelerating the Reconstruction of Dangerous 
and Old Urban Buildings," and have also introduced a self-renewal 
reconstruction program for a sea sand building in Taipei's Beitou District. 
After nearly a decade of active coordination, the building was finally 
demolished in September 2022, which was followed by the start of 
construction of a new building. The new building will have four 
underground floors and 15 aboveground floors, and the 65 landlords do 
not need to provide reconstruction funds. Because First Bank has 
approved full financing for the project, it will provide the funds needed 
for reconstruction, which will create NT$2.69 billion in value for the 
landlords, beautify the area, and improve the living environment. We 
had completed a cumulative total of 203 urban renewal financing cases 
as of the end of 2022, and the total approved amount reached 
NT$147.46 billion. In particular, 105 of these projects involved silver-class 
Green Building Mark certification or above. The projects benefited 3,157 
households, and furthered the government's goal of environmental-
ly-friendly cities with low carbon emissions.
We have responded to the United Nations' sustainable development 
goals by providing financial services to disadvantaged groups and 
remote areas. FFHC actively promotes inclusive finance and has 
expanded financing services for domestic small and medium enterpris-
es. As of the end of 2022, outstanding loans to SMEs reached NT$930 
billion, and our market share has topped all domestic banks for 13 
consecutive years. We continue to support loans for small and micro 
enterprise, loans for young entrepreneurs and start-ups, micro entrepre-
neur loans, and micro loans for female entrepreneurs, and a total of 
6,498 beneficiaries have received NT$12.92 billion in loans via these 
programs; We also launched the "Micro Enterprise e-Services" online 
loan application platform enabling small and micro enterprises to 
quickly obtain start-up loans and operating capital; 6,059 applications 
were made in 2022. We have responded to our aging society by 
launching a "LOHAS retirement section" providing the "e-First Smart 
Wealth Management" retirement financial management service. 
04

Through this service, the cumulative trust assets of elderly customers and persons with disabilities reached 
NT$18.51 billion. We provided a cumulative total of 213 "Comfort Loan" reverse mortgage loans up to the end 
of 2022, and these loans had a total approved amount of approximately NT$1.393 billion.
To keep pace with the rapid evolution of FinTech, adapt to changes in economic activities caused by the 
pandemic, and attract young customers, First Bank's iLEO digital accounts have now been made available to 
minors over the age of 7 who hold an ID card. This makes First Bank the first financial institution in Taiwan to 
provide comprehensive online accounts to adults, minors, and sole proprietors. The iLEO digital account users 
had exceeded 1.15 million by the end of 2022, with an annual growth rate of 41.4% in 2022. These constitute the 
fifth largest digital account in Taiwan; the number of "iLEO APP" downloads reached 758,000, and had an annual 
growth rate of 7.6%; we have also introduced the full-function robot teller "e," which uses AI technology. As of the 
end of 2022, the "e" robot teller had been used 755,633 times, and had a response accuracy rate of 98.9%; in 
the area of corporate loans, we have also introduced "Smart (GIS) Dispatching" and the "Customer Intelligence 
Gathering Management Graphics Platform," which use a big data patent analysis model to present customer 
locations and business intelligence in visual form on mobile devices. These functions will enhance the ability of 
sales personnel to develop corporate customers and complete cases. We also jointly introduced the "AI Home 
Loan Trial Price Calculation Service" in conjunction with the Taiwan Housing Group; this service uses an API 
approach to transmit home data (such as address, floor area, etc.) to the bank's system, which can then perform 
smart price appraisal calculations allowing customers to obtain needed one-stop information with the press of 
a button. As of the end of 2022, the AI Home Loan Trial Price Calculation Service had been used 673 times, 
which resulted in the arrangement of 121 home loan consulting session and the approval of 3 home loans.
FFHC has relied on the Group's resources and employees to actively support public interest activities. We use 
the four major public interest strategies of "concern for society," "artistic and cultural creativity," "sports and 
competition," and "green concern" to help resolve social and environmental issues by provision of subsidies for 
such services as breakfast for elementary schools in remote areas, financial support for disadvantaged 
schoolchildren, cultivation of talented athletes, support for food banks, and free exhibition and performance 
platforms for disadvantaged groups and artists. We held 151 public interest activities in 2022 and provided 
NT$96.38 million in support. We have also issued the World Card, Leezen Card, Living Green Card, Yilan Card, 
Taoyuan Card, and other green and public interest credit cards, and donate a certain amount of the spending 
using these cards to environmental conservation and social welfare initiatives. We encourage cardholders to 
engage in sustainable consumption, and the cumulative donations from these credit cards has reached NT$773 
million as we work with employees, suppliers, and customers to benefit the public interest. We introduced the 
ESG Podcast channel in 2023. Hosted by the well-known entertainer Ken, this channel features actor Chen 
Chu-sheng and the workplace illustrator "i'm mark" engaging in fun, illuminating conversations introducing new 
ESG knowledge to the public, and helping us construct a sustainable ecosystem.
To create a friendly and safe workplace, the Group has established an appealing gender-equal work system 
and workplace environment, which focuses on seven aspects: corporate culture, organizational structure, 
salary and benefits, education and training, work-life balance, child birth measures, and workplace 
safety. The ratio of female employees in both managerial and non-managerial roles in the Group 
is higher than that of men, and female managers have higher average salaries and compensa-
tion than their male counterparts. To help employees in maintaining a work-life balance, FFHC 
provides several benefits and leave regulations that exceed the minimum benchmark set by 
labor laws; these include 44 days of paid personal leave, sick leave, and family care leave, 
we also provide 14 days of marriage leave. To address social issues arising from the low 
birthrate in Taiwan, we significantly increased employees’ childbirth allowances in 2017, 
and also increasing the marriage allowance by NT$30,000. We subsequently further 
increased childbirth subsidies to NT$100,000 for the first child and NT$150,000 for the 
second child and every child thereafter. As of the end of 2022, we had provided subsidies 
for the birth of 1,452 babies. Starting in 2022, we have provided 58 days of maternity leave 
and 8 days of prenatal checkup/paternity leave. In 2023 we began offering 2 days of 
assisted reproduction leave allowing female colleagues to receive invasive artificial 
reproductive therapies while receiving their full salaries. All of these allowances and subsidies 
are better than what is prescribed in law, and have realized our vision of a happy workplace. 
We have also been included in the Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index (GEI).
FFHC delivered an outstanding ESG performance in 2022, and we won many important domestic 
and foreign ESG awards. Apart from receiving the National Council for Sustainable Development's 
(NCSD) National Sustainable Development Award-Corporate Category, we also won the "Best ESG 
Award—Excellence Award" in the Taiwan Banking and Finance Best Practice Awards and were also 
rated as a top 5% listed company in the Corporate Governance Evaluation of the Taiwan Stock 
Exchange Corporation for the eighth consecutive time. We have been selected as a constitu-
ent stock in the "World Index" and the "Emerging Market Index" of the Dow Jones 
Sustainability Indices (DJSI) for five and seven consecutive years, respectively. 
We received the highest grade of "A" on the CDP climate change question-
naire, and are the sole member of the domestic financial industry to have 
received a grade of "A" four times. We were also ranked in the 
Leadership Level in the CDP questionnaire for five consecutive years, and 
were chosen by the Financial Supervisory Commission as a member of 
the "Coalition of Movers and Shakers on Sustainable Finance".
Looking ahead to the future, FFHC will continue to advance its adoption 
of digital finance and forge alliances with companies in other industries; 
it will respond to Taiwan's aging population and low birthrate by 
cultivating specialists in meeting seniors' financial needs, strengthening 
the sustainable financial DNA and international vision of the Group's 
personnel, promoting localized and specialized services, keeping up 
with global ESG trends, creating a financial ecosystem benefiting all, 
and realizing inclusive finance. We will also join forces with our supply 
chain and customers to map out a new net zero future, while enhancing 
our long-term value as the "No. 1 Brand in Sustainable Finance".
CHAIRMAN'S
MESSAGE
05
First Financial Holding Chairman

AWARDS AND
ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
IN 2022
06
• FFHC was rated as a top 5% listed company in the TWSE Corporate Governance Evaluation for the 8th time. Top 10% (rank 
#4) of listed company in financial category for the 3rd time.
• Taiwan Stock Exchange "List of Organizations with Better Disclosure of Due Diligence and Governance in the Banking 
Sector", "Excellent Securities Firms and Institutional Investors for Disclosure of Due Diligence and Governance".
• FFHC was included as constituent stock in the "FTSE4Good Emerging Index" for 6 years in a row.
• "Best ESG Award - 2nd" from the 11th Elite Awards of Taiwan Academy of Banking and Finance 
• "Taiwan Top 100 Models of Corporate Sustainability Award", "Taiwan Corporate Sustainability Report Award - Platinum 
in Finance and Insurance Industries", "Climate Leadership Award", "Innovative Growth and Leadership Award", "Cyberse-
curity Leadership Award", and "Social Inclusion Leadership Award" from the Taiwan Corporate Sustainability Awards.
• FFHC received the "Sustainability Excellence Award" from the British Standards Institution (BSI) for the 7th consecutive 
year.
OVERALL ESG PERFORMANCE
• Highest grade A leadership rating from the CDP Supplier Engagement Rating.
• First Bank received the "Master Award" in the "Fourth National Enterprise Environmental Protection Awards". The only 
domestic enterprise won the award for four consecutive years.
• Green Credit Card received three “Carbon Reduction Label” certificates from the EPA.
• Only company in the financial sector to receive the Ministry of the Interior's "Green Building Corporate Benchmark Award".
• Received the "Energy Saving Benchmark Award - Silver Award " from the Bureau of Energy, Ministry of Economic Affairs.
• "Gold and Silver Awards in Environmental Sustainability" from the 2nd Taiwan Sustainability Award issued by Taiwan 
Institute for Sustainable Energy.
• Taipei City Zero Carbon Emission Benchmark Award - "First Place of Group A in Industry and Commerce".
• Only company in the financial sector to receive an award at the first New Taipei City Enterprise Classic Award - "Model 
Enterprise in Energy".
• Received the "Power Saving Performance Award Program" from Yunlin County Government.
ENVIRONMENTAL PERFORMANCE
SOCIAL PERFORMANCE
• "Disclosure of Occupational Health and Safety Indicators in Sustainability Reporting - Top 10% Excellent Enterprise in the 
Financial Sector" from the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, Ministry of Labor.
• "Gold Award in Social Inclusion" from the 2nd Taiwan Sustainability Award issued by Taiwan Institute for Sustainable 
Energy.
• Financial institution participant in the "Participation Award for School and Community Financial Education" organized by 
the FSC for 11 consecutive years, ranked 1st in the "Asset Trust Evaluation of Trust Businesses for the Senior and the 
Disabled". 5 awards including Excellent Bank in "Amount Category"," Number of Cases Category" and "Efficiency Catego-
ry" in the "Reward Program for Accelerated Relief Loans of Domestic Banks"." Excellent Award for COVID-19 Project Total 
Guarantee Financing Amount", “Relief and Revival Award - Assisting SMEs to obtain the highest amount of financing, 
assisting the largest number of SME accounts, and assisting the largest number of labor accounts”, First Life Insurance won 
the "Micro Insurance Business Performance Award", "Disability Care Award" and "Relief Promotion Award" in the insurance 
competition organized.
• "2nd place for the Best Trust Award" and "1st place in Group A of the Hospice Trust Award" by the Financial Supervisory 
Commission.

07
FFHC was selected for inclusion as a constituent in the Dow Jones Sustainability World Index for 5 years in a
row, and was also selected for inclusion as a constituent in the Dow Jones Sustainability Emerging Markets
Index for the 7th consecutive year.
FFHC won international recognition with the "A " score 4 times in the CDP climate change questionnaire in 2022,
the only domestic company that has been ranked "Leadership Level" for 5 consecutive years in financial industry.
FFHC's TCFD report obtained the highest level certification of "LEVEL-5+" again by the British Standards Institute.
(BSI) Awarded the highest rating of AAA in ESG ratings for the banking sector by MSCI All Country World Index
(MSCI ACWI Index)
SOCIAL PERFORMANCE
• Excellent enterprise for "Measures Friendly to Families and Work Equality" by the New Taipei City Government.
• Received a second "Sports Enterprise Certification" by the Sports Administration.
• First Bank was awarded "Sports Activists Awards" by the Sports Administration of the Ministry of Education for 4 consecutive 
years, and was awarded "Gold Sponsorship Award ","Silver Promotion Award" and "Long-Term Sponsorship Award".
• "Concern for Physical and Mental Disability Award" at the microinsurance competition of the Financial Supervisory 
Commission.
• "Best Charity Implementation by a Domestic Bank" award from Wealth Magazine's Wealth Management Award.
• Recognized for excellent performance in the "National Insurance Coverage Improvement Plan" for the 27th consecutive 
time
PRODUCTS AND SERVICES
• Financial Supervisory Commission awards such as the "Special Banking Award for Balanced Regional Development", 
"Special Banking Award for e-Commerce Industry Financing", "Joint Loan Platform for Systems, Whole Plants, and 
Engineering Industries - Excellent Bank", "Handling of Loans to Key Innovative Industries - 2nd Place", "Individual Industry 
- Asia Silicon Valley Special Industry Award", "Individual Industry - National Defense Industry Special Award", "Individual 
Industry - Circular Economy Industry Special Award", "Outstanding Bank in Fair Treatment of Customers in the Financial 
Services Sector", "Gold Award for Credit Insurance - Excellent Credit Manager" and "Support Award for Startups Business-
es in Key Industries", "Credit Insurance Gold Award - Excellent Main Banking Headquarters", "2nd Place for Total Guaran-
teed Financing Amount", "2nd Place for Growth of Insurance Cases Delivered and Finance Amount", and "Green Credit 
Implementation Award".
• "Interbanking System Stability Award" at the Financial Information Systems Annual Conference.
• First Bank received the "Institutional Impact Category - Model Award (Banking Sector)" at the 2nd Taiwan Sustainability 
Investment Awards organized by TAISE. First Securities received two silver awards in "Project Impact Category - Sustain-
able Investment Award and Shareholder Action (Exercise of Voting Rights) Award". First Securities Investment Trust was 
awarded the "Institutional Impact Category - Excellence Award (Investment Trust)" while First Life Insurance was awarded 
the "Institutional Impact Category - Excellence Award (Life Insurance)".
• "Excellent Performance Award" and "Inclusive Finance Award" in the category of Excellent Financial Institution for SME 
Project Loans awarded by the Central Bank of the Republic of China (Taiwan).
• At the 19th National Brand Yushan Award, smart customer service Little-e received the "Most Popular Brand Award", First 
Securities received the "Outstanding Enterprise Award" as well as received 2 "Best Product Awards" for the First Securities 
Machi app and First Securities Warrants.
• "Digital Cybersecurity Award - Excellence" at the 2nd Digital Financial Award organized by Commercial Times.
• "Excellent Customer Service Award - Best Enterprise Application of Smart 
Systems" by the Taiwan Contact Center Development Association (TCCDA).
• "Golden Security Award" by the Joint Credit Information Center as well as 4 
consecutive years of distinction with the "Gold Excellence Award".
• "Best Co-branded Card of the Year with E SKY LAND 2022" and "Best Growth 
of the Year 2022" from international organization MasterCard.
• Named "Asia's Leader in Sustainable Finance" by the IDC (International Date 
Corporation) at the Financial Insights Innovation Awards (FIIA).
• "Wealth Appreciation by a Domestic Bank" award from Wealth Magazine's 
Wealth Management Award.

08

09
ENVIRONMENT
GOVERNANCE
• FFHC won international recognition with the "A" score 4 times in the CDP climate change questionnaire , 
and has been ranked "Leadership Level" for 5 consecutive years.
• FFHC's TCFD report obtained the highest level certification of "LEVEL-5+" by the British Standards 
Institute (BSI).
• Refurbished 34 self-owned buildings and obtained diamond-class (28), bronze-class (1) and qualified-class 
(2), gold-class (2 new buildings) and BRE-PASS class (1) green building marks
• The Green Light Sustainability Program has made donations to a total of 7 social welfare organizations 
and 44 remote elementary schools, and replaced 13,106 sets of LED lamps, reducing carbon emissions by 
about 597 metric tons
• Paperless business and operations reduced carbon emissions by 18,500.92 
   metric tons of CO2e
• Selected as a constituent stock in the Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index (GEI)
• Selected as a constituent stock of "Taiwan High Compensation 100 Index" for 9 consecutive years and 
"Taiwan Employment Creation 99 Index" for 13 consecutive years
• A total amount of NT$96.38 million was invested in social participation
• Provided a total of NT$930.0 billion in loans to SMEs and became the top lender to SMEs by market share 
in the domestic banking industry for the 13th consecutive year 
• First Bank men's table tennis team won 16 gold medals, 15 silver medals,
   and 24 bronze medals
• FFHC was selected for inclusion as a constituent in the Dow Jones Sustainability
   World Index for 5 years in a row.
• Selected into the S&P Global Sustainability Yearbook 6 times, ranking in the top 1% of global banks
• FFHC was rated as a top 5% listed company in the TWSE Corporate Governance Evaluation for the 8th 
time. Top 10% (rank #4) of listed company in financial category for the 3rd time.
• First Bank awarded the "National Sustainable Development Award in the Enterprise Category" 
by the National Council for Sustainable Development, Executive Yuan
• 1,150,000 iLEO Digital Accounts, ranked 5th among domestic banks
• Awarded the highest rating of AAA in ESG ratings for the banking sector by MSCI All Country World 
Index (MSCI ACWI Index)
PERFORMANCE
HIGHLIGHTS
IN 2022
E
SOCIETY S
G

SUSTAINABLE GOVERNANCE
OPERATION
MECHANISMS
   Sustainable Governance Organizational Structure
In 2011, the FFHC Board of Directors approved the establishment of the CSR Committee, 
and renamed as "Sustainable Development committee" in March, 2022, which is the core 
organization of the Group for promoting sustainable governance with the Chairman as the 
chair and Presidents of the companies of the Group as members of the Committee. The 
Committee set up trans-company working groups on "Corporate Governance", "Responsi-
ble Finance", "Sustainable Financial Products and Services", Employee Care", "Environ-
mental Sustainability", and "Community Engagement". A dedicated ESG unit is also 
assigned by the President each subsidiary for ESG communications, liaison and the 
provision of related information. The core team consists of 92 people (1 chairman, 8 
committee members, 2 conveners, 6 executive directors, and approximately 75 employees 
split among the various working groups). The Sustainable Development committee is 
administered by the Corporate Governance Section of the Administration Department, 
and 6 designated employees are responsible for the sustainable development plans and 
implementation of the Group. The top-down approach ensures the effective and concrete 
implementation of each annual ESG objective. The Company monitors international ESG 
development trends and changes in regulations to continuously improve the sustainable 
governance of the Group. In order to deepen the implementation and execution of the 
Group’s sustainable development policy, in 2022, ESG comprehensive performance was 
included in the annual operating performance evaluation items of each subsidiary to 
ensure the achievement of annual goals in various ESG areas.
The Group also established the "Sustainable Development Policy" and " Guidance on 
Sustainable Development" which serve as the highest guiding principles of the Group and 
subsidiaries for mitigating ESG risks and making use of opportunities. To comply with 
sustainable finance development trends and implement climate change management, 
First Bank signed and joined the Equator Principles (EPs) Association and TCFD as the 
supporter. We joined PCAF in 2022 to carry out Scope 3 investment and financing financial 
carbon emissions inventory, and joined SBTi to identify the carbon emissions of our own 
operations and investment and financing positions, and report the results of the Group's 
climate change risk assessment and its mitigation measures and implementation to the 
Risk Management Committee and the Board of Directors. We adhere to the United 
Nations Principles for Responsible Banking (PRB), Principles for Responsible Investment 
(PRI), and Principles of Sustainable Insurance (PSI) to incorporate ESG issues into the 
development strategies and operating procedures of core businesses such as investment, 
financing, underwriting, and insurance. We established the Group's sustainable lending, 
sustainable investment, and sustainable insurance policies to help customers and 
investees fulfill their obligations for environmental protection and social sustainability.
10
Board of Directors
Report ESG implementation 
results for the previous year
07

11
●○ FFHC Sustainable Governance
            Organizational Structure
   Sustainable Development Committee Functions and Team Operation Mechanism
Every year, each working group of the Sustainable Development committee compiles the E.S.G. Issues of Concern to FFHC 
stakeholders, then draws up the short-term, mid-term, and long-term ESG targets, and drafts action plans and subsidiaries’ 
annual ESG assessment basic items. These are discussed and revised internally at WG meetings before being submitted to 
the " Sustainable Development committee" for review. Approved proposals are then announced for implementation. Progress 
on each annual goals and action plan is then tracked and reviewed on a quarterly basis by Sustainable Development commit-
tee WG meetings. Within 4 months after the end of the fiscal year, major sustainability issues of stakeholder concern in the 3 
major aspects of governance, environment, and social were reported to the Board of Directors using the framework for sustain-
ability reporting guidelines published by the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI). The report contained the risks and opportunities 
generated by the Group's operations, short-, medium-, and long-term targets in sustainable development, and target achieve-
ment in the previous year.
Ethical corporate
management
Organizational strategy
Risk management
Regulatory compliance
Protection of
shareholder rights
ESG information
disclosure
Internal audit
Stakeholder
communication
Development of sustainable
financial products
Information security
protection
Financial consumer
protection
Customer relations
management
Digital innovations in
financial services
Financial inclusion
Environmental
sustainability policy
Operation carbon
emission management
Sustainable
procurement
Environmental
Education
Supply chain
management
Social care
Corporate image
Community participation
Charitable strategy
planning and execution
Employee remuneration
and benefits
Competency development
and training
Employer/
employee relationsg
Human rights protection
Occupational safety
and health
FFHC Sustainable Development Committee
Chairman (Chairman of FFHC)
Committee Members (Presidents of FFHC and subsidiaries)
$
Corporate
Governance WG
Responsible
Finance WG
Environmental
Sustainability WG
Community
Engagement WG
Employee Care WG
Sustainable Financial
Products and Services WG
Sustainable Development Committee Working Groups
Compile issues, draw up short-term, mid-term, and 
long-term targets and draft action plans and 
subsidiaries’ annual ESG assessment basic items
01
Sustainable Development Committee 
administration unit
Compile the information submitted 
by each working group
02
Committee Working Group Meetings
Discuss and revise short-term, mid-term, 
and long-term targets and draft action 
plans and subsidiaries’ annual ESG 
assessment basic items
03
Sustainable Development Committee
Evaluate short-term, mid-term, and 
long-term targets and subsidiaries’ annual 
ESG assessment basic items and announce 
the implementation of action plans
04
Sustainable Development Committee
Review execution and evaluate improve-
ment plan for unfulfilled annual goals 
(including subsidiaries’ annual ESG assessment 
basic items)
06
Convene Sustainable Development 
Committee Working Group Meetings
Track and review annual goals ((including 
subsidiaries’ annual ESG assessment basic 
items) completion on a quarterly basis
05
TCFD
management
Responsible
investment
Due diligence
and credit
ESG
product review

12
Revised FFHC CSR Code of Conduct, Policy and Committee Organic 
Regulations
Named a constituent stock in the “Emerging Market Index”of the Dow 
Jones Sustainability Indices (DJSI) upon participating for the first time
Received "Taiwan Top 50 Corporate Sustainability Report Awards - 
Finance and Insurance Industry Gold Award" and "Talent Develop-
ment Award"
Received the “Best CSR Award” in the Banking and Finance Best 
Practice Awards from the Taiwan Academy of Banking and Finance
Received the “Financial Industry Model” and “Happy Enterprise 
Role-Model” awards at the Global Views CSR Awards
Revised FFHC CSR Committee Organic Regulations
Selected for inclusion as a constituent in the Dow Jones 
Sustainability™ Emerging Markets Index for two years in a row
Received "Taiwan Top 50 Corporate Sustainability Report Awards 
- Finance and Insurance Industry Gold Award" and "Talent 
Development Award"
3rd Place in the large enterprises category of the Commonwealth 
Magazine Corporate Citizenship Awards
Received the "Financial Industry Model" award at the Global 
Views CSR Awards
Included as constituent stock in the FTSE4Good Emerging Index
FIRST FINANCIAL HOLDING
SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT
MILESTONES
2016
2017
We were included in the DJSI Emerging Markets Index for 
three consecutive years; we were included as a constituent 
for the first time in the "World Index” and received a silver 
medal in the RobecoSAM Sustainability Yearbook. FFHC is 
the only bank in Taiwan on the list of top five banks in the 
world.
We were the first financial institution in Taiwan to be 
recognized on the CDP’s Climate Change A List in 2018.
Received "Taiwan Top 50 Corporate Sustainability Report 
Awards - Finance and Insurance Industry Platinum Award”
Included as constituent stock in the FTSE4Good Emerging 
Index for two consecutive years
2018
Amendment of the First Financial Holding CSR Policy
FFHC was selected as a constituent stock in DJSI "Emerging Markets" for the 
fourth consecutive year and was selected again as a constituent stock of the 
"World Index". Once again, it ranked fifth among all banking enterprises across 
the world.
FFHC attained "A-" Leadership Level in the CDP climate change questionnaire 
which was the best performance in Taiwan's financial industry
According to the results of the 5th Corporate Governance Evaluation (2018), 
FFHC was rated as a top 5% listed company and top 10% (top 4) in the finance 
and insurance category
Selected as a constituent stock with AA ESG Rating for banking enterprises in 
the MSCI Global Sustainability Index
Included as constituent stock in the "FTSE4Good Emerging Index" for three 
consecutive years
2019
Revised First Financial Holding's corporate social responsibilities, enterprise sustainable development policy, and Enterprise Sustainable 
Development Committee by renaming them to "Sustainable Development Guidelines", "Sustainable Development Policy", and "Sustainable 
Development Committee".
Named by the Financial Supervisory Commission as a member of the "Coalition of Movers and Shakers on Sustainable Finance"
Selected as a constituent stock in the "World Index" and "Emerging Market Index" of the Down Jones Sustainability Indices (DJSI) for five and 
seven consecutive years, respectively.
Received the highest distinction of an "A" rating in the 2022 CDP climate change questionnaire, the only domestic company in the financial 
sector to receive the highest "A" rating for 4 times as well as 5 consecutive years in the "Leadership level". Awarded the highest A leadership 
level in the CDP 2021 Supplier Engagement Rating
Rated as a top 5% listed company in the Corporate Governance Evaluation of Taiwan Stock Exchange Corporation for seven times
Selected as a constituent stock of the Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index (GEI)
Constituent stock of the MSCI All Country World Index (MSCI ACWI Index) and AAA in the bank sector of the MSCI ESG Ratings
Included as a constituent stock in the FTSE4Good Emerging Index for six consecutive years
Awarded the "National Sustainable Development Award in the Enterprise Category" by the National Council for Sustainable Development, 
Executive Yuan
Awarded "Best ESG Award - 2nd Place" at the 11th Elite Awards of Taiwan Academy of Banking and Finance
TCFD report once again obtained highest certification of BSI "LEVEL -5+"
Obtained 6 major awards including the "Taiwan Corporate Sustainability Report Award - Platinum in Finance and Insurance Industries", 
"Climate Leadership Award", "Innovative Growth and Leadership Award", "Cybersecurity Leadership Award", and "Social Inclusion Leadership 
Award" from the Taiwan Corporate Sustainability Awards.
2022

Establish CSR Committee
Defined FFHC CSR Code of 
Conduct, Policy and CSR 
Committee Organic Regulations
2012 Sustainability Report certified by an 
independent certification body for the first 
time
Received "Financial Excellence Award" from 
the Taiwan Corporate Sustainability Report 
Awards and the "Creative Communications 
Role-Model Award"
Revised FFHC CSR Code of Conduct, Policy 
and Committee Organic Regulations
Received "Gold Award" and "Climate 
Leadership Award" from the Taiwan 
Corporate Sustainability Report Awards
14th Place in the Large Enterprises category 
of the Commonwealth Magazine CSR 
Corporate Citizenship Awards
Published first Sustainability Report (2011)
Revised FFHC CSR Code of Conduct
Set "No. 1 Brand in Green Finance" as the 
sustainable development target
Presented with "Newcomer Award" in the Taiwan 
Corporate Sustainability Report Awards
Received Commonwealth CSR Corporate 
Citizenship Award
Published first English version of Sustainability Report 
(2014)
Revised FFHC CSR Committee Organic Regulations
Received "Gold Award", "Transparency and Integrity 
Award" and "Climate Leadership Award" from the Taiwan 
Corporate Sustainability Report Awards
9th Place in the large enterprises category of the 
Commonwealth Magazine Corporate Citizenship Awards
Received Excellence Award in the Environmental 
Friendliness Category of the "Global Views Corporate 
Social Responsibility Awards
13
2011
2013
2014
2012
2015
2021
2020
Revised FFHC CSR Code of Conduct
Selected as a constituent stock in DJSI World Index for the 3rd consecutive year and DJSI Emerging Markets for 5 
consecutive years
The only financial institution in Taiwan to attain CDP Leadership A List recognition twice and received Leadership ranking 
for financial institutions for three consecutive years
Rated as the top 5% listed companies for the fifth year in the Corporate Governance Evaluation
Twice selected as a constituent stock with AA ESG Ratings for banking enterprises in the MSCI Global Sustainability Index
Included as constituent stock in the "FTSE4Good Emerging Index" on the London Stock Exchange for the fourth consecu-
tive year
First Bank and First Life Insurance were rated among the "Top 20% of the Fair Customer Treatment Principles Evaluation 
Rankings"
Received 6 major awards in the "Taiwan Corporate Sustainability Awards" including the "Taiwan Corporate Sustainability 
Report Awards Banking and Insurance Platinum Award", "Gender Equality Leadership Award", "Social Harmony 
Leadership Award", "Growth through Innovation Leadership Award", and 2 "Information Security Leadership Award".
Revised Guidance on CSR for FFHC
Revised the First Financial Holding CSR Policy to " Corporate Sustainable Development Policy "
Changed the name of the FFHC CSR Committee to " Corporate Sustainable Development Committee" and adjusted the five Working 
Groups to six Working Groups 
FFHC was selected for inclusion as a constituent in the 2021 Dow Jones Sustainability World Index for 4 years in a row, and was also 
selected for inclusion as a constituent in the Dow Jones Sustainability Emerging Markets Index for the 6th consecutive year, and ranked 
first in Taiwan’s banking industry and top six in the world.
First Financial Holding Company won international recognition with the "A " score again in the CDP climate change questionnaire in 
2021 , the only domestic company that has been ranked "Leadership Level" for 4 consecutive years in financial industry.
FFHC ranked in the top 5% of Corporate Governance Assessment Program for the 6th time, and also ranked in the top 10% (top four)of 
the "Finance and Insurance" category of the listed companies for the 2nd time.
First Financial Holdings' TCFD report obtained the highest level certification of "LEVEL-5+" by the British Standards Institute (BSI), which is 
the first case in the financial industry.
Received 5 major awards in the "Taiwan Corporate Sustainability Awards" including the "Taiwan Corporate Sustainability Report 
Awards - Banking and Insurance Platinum Award", "Gender Equality Leadership Award", "Social Harmony Leadership Award", "Growth 
through Innovation  Leadership Award", and "Information Security Leadership Award".
FFHC was included as constituent stock in the "FTSE4Good Emerging Index" for 5 years in a row. 
First Securities was recognized by the FSC as "Top 20% of the Fair Customer Treatment Principles Evaluation Rankings".

GRI：2-29、3-1、3-2
1. Stakeholder identification and communication
The opinions of stakeholders have served as the guiding principle for the development of 
the FFHC sustainable development strategy since the first 2011 Sustainability Report was 
published in 2012. Listening to the opinions of stakeholders and compiling the Environmen-
tal (E), Social (S) and Governance (G) issues of concern to stakeholders is used to internal-
ize the issues as the corporate sustainability targets. The Group also refers to international 
sustainability standards and initiative such as the GRI Standards, ISO 26000, SDGs＊1, TCFD
＊2, and the Equator Principle＊3. Sustainability evaluations such as the CDP＊4, DJSI＊5, MSCI 
ESG Ratings＊6, specific issues for the finance industry such as the PRB＊7, PRI＊8, SASB＊9, 
GRI disclosure indicators for the financial services industry, stakeholder communications 
and feedback. and the Group's sustainable development strategy for sustainable finance 
are adopted as the basis for materiality analysis. In order to further respond to the gener-
al criteria G3 of GRI 2021: The Group's updated version of Material Topics 2021 integrates 
the Value Balancing Alliance (VBA), Harvard Business School's research program in 
Impact-Weighted Accounts, the monetization evaluation methodology of London Bench-
marking Group (LBG) and Impact Valuation to construct methodology to assess impact in 
aspects of economy, environment, and society, thereby establishing a foundation for the 
material analytic process (3 major stages and 6 major steps). This is applied to identify 18 
material topics in the 3 major aspects of governance, environment, and society and 
internalize them into the Company's sustainable development goals, which act as the 
foundation for compiling reports.
STAKEHOLDER
COMMUNICATION AND
MATERIALITY ANALYSIS
STEP 1: Stakeholder identification 
We embraced the spirit of the five main areas in the AA1000 Stakeholder Engagement 
Standards (AA1000 SES) regarding dependency, responsibility, influence, representative-
ness, and diversity by convening the ESG Committee's working groups for joint discussion 
and identification of the seven major stakeholders with the most influence and closest 
relations in the operations of the Group, in order to take them as major communication 
partners for Sustainability report: 1.Employees/Union/Retired employees 2.Shareholders/-
Investors/Analysts 3.Customers 4.Suppliers 5.Community/Non-profit organizations/Non-gov-
ernment organizations/Academics and experts 6.Government and competent authorities 
7.Media/financial institutions
Identify
14
STEP 2: Identifying the issues of concern 
The ESG Committee and various teams reference international sustainability standards/ini-
tiatives, special topics in the financial sector, stakeholder feedback, and the Group's 
sustainable development strategy to identify material topics related to the Group's 
operations. This includes aspects of governance (9 topics), environment (3 environmental 
topics), and society (6 social topics).

First Financial Holding ESG matrix
15
2. Materiality analysis matrix for issues of concern
In the survey of "degree of concern of stakeholders", in order to collect representative samples, the number of questionnaires 
should be determined based on the principles of interaction, importance and influence. The ESG Committee team members 
will then evaluate the “degree of impact of each issue on the outside”, and score factors such as revenue, customer satisfac-
tion, employee cohesiveness, and brand image to understand key issues under different factors and determine the importance 
of each sustainability issue and the order in which it will be disclosed
Explanation of Differences and Adjustments in Material Issues Compared to 2021: Adjust the names of material topics 
including risk management and operational continuity, ESG products and services, information security and privacy protections, 
ethical operations and fair treatment of customers, climate strategy and management, climate action, digital innovation and 
inclusion, social impact, human rights and gender equality, diverse talent recruitment and skills cultivation, talent retention and 
accessible benefits.
STEP 3: Survey the level of concern
FFHC used an online and paper-based survey to collect major information on 
the level of interest of the seven types of stakeholders in sustainability issues 
and recovered a total of 882 valid questionnaires including 178 from custom-
ers, 8 from suppliers, 74 from investors, 320 from employees, 88 from the 
media/other financial institutions, 9 from the government, and 205 from 
communities/NPOs/academics and experts.
Step 4: Compile materiality analysis matrix for issues of concern
Evaluate the impact level of each material topic towards revenue growth, 
brand image, customer satisfaction, employee cohesion, the Group's 
operations, and sustainable development. Fifteen senior executives including 
the Presidents of First Financial Holding's various subsidiaries, team conveners, 
and Director-Generals determine the importance of every material topic. The 
concerns from 882 pieces of feedback obtained through stakeholders towards 
the 18 material topics and 15 pieces of feedback on the degree of impact 
towards the Group's operations are then ranked and used to compile a materi-
ality analysis matrix for issues of concern.
Step 5: Analyze the degree of impact of material topics on operations and 
confirm material topics
In order to assess the significance of material topics and their impact on the 3 
aspects of economy, environment, humans/human rights, the methodology of 
sustainability impact assessment is adopted to utilize the perspectives of 
positive/negative, potential/significant, and value chain and the "Material 
Topics Impact Assessment Table" formed by 20 members of the team to further 
assess the impact intensity and probability of operational activities related to 
the 18 material topics on aspects of economy, environment, and human/hu-
man rights. This allows an understanding of the impact boundaries and degree 
of involvement of material topics in the value chain. Through this step's 
confirmation that all 18 material topics have significant impact, material topics 
that require priority response are selected and the effectiveness of their 
execution is reported to the board of directors.
Analyze
STEP 6: Reviewing the Sustainability 
report to ensure that it covers all 
material aspects
The ESG Committee will determine 
indicators and material topics that 
require disclosure when compiling the 
sustainability report based on each 
team's GRI criteria resolutions passed by 
the Committee. The reporting require-
ments of each material topic will provide 
details of their response strategy, short- 
medium- and long-term goals, execution 
results, and management policies.
Action
＊1：Sustainable Development Goals, SDGs
＊2：Task Force on Climate-Related Financial 
Disclosures, TCFD
＊3：Equator Principles, EPs
＊4： Carbon Disclosure Project, CDP
＊5：Dow Jones Sustainability Index, DJSI
＊6：Morgan Stanley Capital International, MSCI 
ESG Ratings
＊7：Principles for Responsible Banking, PRB
＊8：Principles for Responsible Investment, PRI
＊9：Sustainability Accounting Standards Board, 
SASB
Degree of Impact on the Group's Operations and Sustainable Development
such as: revenue growth, customer satisfaction,
employee cohesion, and brand image)
• Biodiversity and
   ecological conservation
Low
• Climate Strategy and Management
• Climate Action
• Talent Retention and
   Accessible Benefits
• Diverse Talent Recruitment and Skills
   Cultivation
• Human Rights and
   Gender Equality
• Occupational
   Safety and Health
・Ethical Operations and Fair Treatment
   of Customers
・Information Security and Privacy
   Protections
・Corporate
   Governance
・Risk Management and Operational
   Continuity
・Business Performance
・Prevention of money laundering,
   financial fraud and terrorism financing
• Sustainable
   Procurement and
   Supplier Management
・Responsible Finance
・ESG Products and Services
• Digital Innovation and Inclusion
• Social Impact
・Tax Governance
High
High
Description: Considering the impact assessment of biodiversity and 
ecological conservation, their importance to stakeholders and 
degree of impact on operations is low and as such, they are not 
included as material topics.
Medium
Medium
Importance to stakeholders

3. Evaluating the impact significance of material topics
Considering the external environmental and social impact derived from operational activities are gradually receiving the attention of 
global investors and respond to the general criteria G3 of GRI 2021: First Financial Holding's updated version of Material Topics 2021 
integrates the Value Balancing Alliance (VBA), Harvard Business School's research program in Impact-Weighted Accounts, London Bench-
marking Group (LBG), and other institutes to develop a methodology to assess impact in aspects of economy, environment, and society. 
4. Sustainable impact assessment of value chain activities
Also, as a cash flow provider for the industry chain, First Financial Holding is extremely concerned with the impact onto society and the 
environment. Our management thinking linked to financial performance can identify the positive/negative, potential/significant, and mid- 
and long-term impact of the Group's operations towards human life. In 2022, First Financial Holding's value chain activities generated more 
than NT$711 billion of net positive impact, 88.6% of which was generated from downstream investment and financing businesses, 10.5% 
from self-operations, and less than 1% from upstream supply chains. Analysis results show the importance of First Financial Holding's financ-
ing which drives industry chain development and positively impacts the environment and society. We have generated approximately 
16
●○ Impact assessment model - quantization method
●○ Impact assessment
            model – currency method 
Value Chain
Impact
Increasing the value chain's output value
through procurements
Salary income of supply chain workers
Environmental externalities derived from
supply chain
Added Value Income
Social cost of carbon emissions
Social cost of employee occupational accidents
Purchasing power and social welfare
Investments and financing to increase the
industry chain's output value
Salary income of industry chain workers
Environmental externalities derived from
industry chain
Impact Region/Target
Social
Social
Social
Social
Environment
Environment
Social/External employees
Social/Investment and
financing targets
Social/External employees
Environment/Investment and
financing targets
Upstream 
Suppliers
Own
operations
Downstream
investments
and financing
Impact methodology and source:
• Value Balancing Alliance (VBA)
• Harvard Business School research 
program on "Impacted-Weighted 
Accounts"
• London Benchmarking Group (LBG)
• First Financial Holding's Definition
＊：Value Balancing Alliance (VBA), Harvard 
Business School's "Impact-Weighted Accounts" 
(research program), London Benchmarking 
Group (LBG), and other institutions each 
published impact assessment methodology for 
the aspects of economy, environment, and 
society.
▶ 16 impacts
Impact
Economic
The Environment
Negative
0
3
3
Severity
Severity ＝ ( 1 )＋( 2 )＋( 3 ) 
( 1 ) Degree
( 2 ) Scope
( 3 ) Irreparable
▶ 8 Significant impacts
＋Industry technology development
＋Sustainable transition of industries
＋Developments in the financial sector
＋Increase in net profit after tax
－Impact to human health
－Impact to biodiversity
＋Employee quality of life
－Misuse of data
Economic impact
Environmental
impact
Impact to humans/
human rights
+ Positive impact
- Negative impact
Definition of positive and negative impact
Analysis of impact significance
Positive
5
0
5
Humans/
Human Rights
Probability

17
Impact Type
Output Activity Data
Impact to ESG Topics
Currency Value
Unit: Thousand NTD
Sustainable Procurement and Supplier Management
Sustainable Procurement and Supplier Management
Sustainable Procurement and Supplier Management
Climate strategy and management, climate actions
Business Performance
Occupational Safety and Health
Talent Retention and Accessible Benefits
ESG Products and Services
ESG Products and Services
Responsible Finance
5,819,928
466,903
(62,158)
57,217,652
(33,289)
(2,616)
17,575,865
556,184,518
73,767,468
(6,259,718)
Procurement Amount
Procurement Amount
Procurement Amount
Financial performance
GHG emissions
Occupational accidents
Employment and remuneration
Investment and financing amount
Investment and financing amount
Investment and financing amount
Positive
Positive
Negative
Positive
Negative
Negative
Positive
Positive
Positive
Negative
NT$74.2 billion in salary income through our investment and financing businesses while driving more than NT$630 billion output value in 
the industry chain. However, the natural resources consumed and environmental pollution has also generated NT$6.26 billion in social 
costs. In order to mitigate negative impact, First Financial Holding is dedicated to utilizing financial influence and core functions to expand 
the effect of sustainable investments and financing to more effectively allocate resources, support industry transitions towards sustainable 
development, and share sustainable values with stakeholders.
Material Issue
・Business Performance
・Risk Management and
   Operational Continuity
・Responsible Finance
・Information Security and
   Privacy Protections
・Corporate Governance
・Ethical Operations and Fair
   Treatment of Customers
・Prevention of money laundering,
   financial fraud and terrorism
   financing
・Tax Governance
・Sustainable Procurement and 
   Supplier Management
・Human Rights and Gender Equality
・ESG Products and Services
・Climate Strategy and
   Management
・Climate Action
・Digital Innovation and
   Inclusion
・Social Impact
・Diverse Talent Recruitment
   and Skills Cultivation
・Talent Retention and
   Accessible Benefits
・Occupational Safety and
   Health
Significant
High
Extremely high
Degree of impact
The material topic analysis procedure established is based on impact and simultaneously considers "operational impact of organizations" 
and "impact to economy, environment, and humans/human rights" to assess the impact of material topics from within and outside the 
organization.
Material issues with significant impact

18
5. Stakeholder Communication Channels and Results
Stakeholder
Materiality
Communication channel and frequency
• Monthly/Quarterly: Employer/employee meeting/Employee Welfare Committee, 
Labor Safety and Health  Committee, Labor Pension Oversight Committee 
• Annually: Employee Commitment Survey
• At least once a Year: Employee Savings and Stock Ownership Committee
• Every 3 years: Committee Revision of collective bargaining agreement
• Permanent: Employee and sexual harassment complaint hotline, fax, e-mail,Em-
ployee forum  on internal website, "Whistleblower section," " President's mailbox" 
and "Ideas mailbox"
• Ad hoc: First e-Academy digital learning system, Morning/evening business unit 
meetings 
Employees are the 
company’s most important 
asset, and are crucial to the 
company's competitiveness. 
The support of employees is 
critical to our sustainable 
development and the most 
important component in our 
sustainable development 
fulfillment
Shareholders/
Investors
• Quarterly: Hosting of domestic investor seminars 
• Monthly and quarterly: Business performance report  
• Yearly: Convening of general shareholder meeting, Issuing Chinese and English 
annual reports, sustainability report, Annual ESG credit rating meetings of credit 
rating agencies, Participation in the DJSI comparison, climate change question-
naire, water questionnaire, and other international ESG ratings 
• Permanent: Telephone and e-mail of the spokesperson and investor relations 
department available from the corporate website's investor services section, 
Stakeholder survey in the corporate website's ESG section, Videos of investor 
seminars are concurrently published on our corporate website for viewing by 
investors(Retained for one year)
• Ad hoc: Publication of corporate governance, investor seminar presentations, 
financial information, annual reports, Sustainability reports and stock-related 
information on both English and Chinese corporate website, Attend investor 
seminars at the invitation of securities brokers to communicate with investors, 
Participation in domestic and  international corporate governance-related 
organizations
To protect shareholder 
equity and to treat all 
shareholders equally, a 
corporate governance 
system has been set up to 
ensure that shareholders 
enjoy the right to full 
information, participation, 
and decision-making on 
important company matters
Customers
• Permanent: All of our Group subsidiaries have customer complaint channels, 
including business units, customer service hotlines, and e-mail; The companies' 
contacts are established on the Group's official website; we publish the telephone 
number, address, and email of the contact person
• Regularly: Statements, latest financial information, event information, "Customer 
Information Confidentiality Measures" and "Customer Service Commitment", 
Hosting of service role-model competitions
• Ad hoc: Conduct customer satisfaction surveys through telephone surveys, e-mail 
surveys, customer service hotlines or outside survey firm; Host seminars on trusts 
for seniors and the handicapped, financial planning and investment seminars, 
industrial park seminars and ESG engagement
• Permanent: Establish a spokesperson and PR department for liaising purposes 
• Ad hoc: Participation in assessments, seminars and conferences; Hosting of press 
conferences and issuing of press releases
Media is one of the key 
channels for communication 
between FFHC and the 
other types of stakeholders. 
We disclose E.S.G-related 
information through the 
media at different times
Employees
Media/
Financial
institutions
In keeping with the philoso-
phy of “Customer Service 
Comes First,” FFHC continues 
to provide customers with 
innovative products and 
quality services. We also 
ensure the transparency and 
security of products and 
service information while 
treating customers in a fair 
and reasonable manner to 
commit ourselves to 
improving customer 
satisfaction.

19
Material Issue
Communication highlights and accomplishments
• In 2022, 3,069 employees passed English proficiency certification tests such as the LTTC, IELTS, TOEFL, TOEIC, 
BULATS, and GEPT while 314 employees passed the JLPT and the LTTC's Japanese, Spanish, Korean, and 
German language certifications
• An Employee Commitment Survey was held in 2022, with a result of 91.74%
• Chosen for inclusion in the "Taiwan Employment Creation Index 99 " for the 13th consecutive year
• Included in the“Taiwan High Compensation 100 Index" for 9 consecutive years
• 1,499 Employees have obtained the Certified Anti-Money Laundering Specialist (CAMS) certification.
• Recognized by the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, Ministry of Labor for "Disclosure of 
Occupational Health and Safety Indicators in Sustainable Reporting - Top 10% Enterprise in Financial Sector"
• Selected as a constituent stock of Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index
• Recognized by New Taipei City Government as an excellent enterprise of "Equality Measures for Families and 
Work"
• Annually implement internal/triennially commission external professional independent institutions to evaluate 
the performance of the Board of Directors (individual director) and functional committees, the results of which 
are reported to the Board before the end of Q1 of the following year and disclosed on the Company's website
• First Bank and First Securities selected by Taiwan Stock Exchange into "List of Institutional Investors with Good 
Disclosure of Due Diligence"
• The Company was selected as a constituent stock in the DJSI "World Index" for the 5th consecutive year and 
was selected as DJSI Emerging Markets for the 7th consecutive year
• Selected 6 times to The Sustainability Yearbook, ranking into the top 1% of the global bank sector, published 
by S&P Global 
• FFHC was included as constituent stock in the "FTSE4Good Emerging Index" for 6 years in a row.
• Constituent stock of MSCI All Country World Index (ACWI) and AAA in the bank sector of the MSCI ESG Ratings
• Earned the highest distinction of "A" in the CDP climate questionnaire, selected 4 times with the highest 
distinction of "A" in the financial sector, ranked at the "Leadership Level" for 5 consecutive years
• According to credit reports published by Taiwan Ratings, S&P, and Moody's, the Group is stable and 
possesses strong levels of capital in the financial sector as well as excellent standing in the domestic market 
along with satisfactory funding sources and liquidity structure.
• As a Premium member of the ACGA, the Company analyzed the latest corporate governance information and 
reports, participated in annual forums and seminars, and accord with the latest development trends in 
corporate governance
• Institutional investors' opinions and issues of concern are reported to the Board regularly to assist all directors, 
executives and independent directors with understanding the opinions of shareholders
• First Securities was recognized by the FSC as "Top 25% of the Fair Customer Treatment Principles Evaluation 
Rankings".
• In the Financial Supervisory Commission's trust 2.0, a plan to promote the trust business, First Bank received 
awards such as "Best Trust Award - 2nd Place" and "Hospice Trust Award Group A - 1st Place", and other 
awards such as "Gold Trust Insurance Award - Outstanding Head Office", "Gold Trust Insurance Award - 
Outstanding Trust Managers", "Bailout Award", "Key Support for Innovative Industries", "Total Guaranteed 
Financing Amount", and "COVID-19 Insurance Projects". Other awards include "SME Loans - Excellent Bank", 
"Special Banking Award for Balanced Regional Development", "Special Banking Award for e-Commerce 
Financing", "Joint Loan Platform for the Export of Systems, Whole Plant, and Engineering Industries - Excellent 
Bank", "Loans to Support Key Innovative Industries - Excellent Bank", individual industries- special awards for 
"Asia Silicon Valley, "National Defense Industry", and "Circular Economy", and "Excellent Bank in the Financial 
Services Industry for Fair Treatment of Customers" and "Award for Passionate Participation of Promoting 
Financial Knowledge in Campuses and Communities"
• Recognized by the Central Bank as an excellent financial institution for SME loans - "Outstanding Performance 
Award" and "Financial Inclusion Award"
• First Life Insurance won the microinsurance competition organized by the Financial Supervisory Commission 
and received the "Compassion to the Disabled Award" as well as being selected for the 27th consecutive time 
as an excellent company that "Improves the Insurance Guarantee Plans for Citizens".
• First Bank received the "Golden Security Award" from Joint Credit Information Center as well as affirmation 
through the "Gold Quality Award" for 4 consecutive years.
• The number one bank in Taiwan in terms of SME lending market share for 13 years in a row
• Won "Excellence Award for Financing Amount Growth in New Southbound Countries" and "Excellence Award 
for the Growth of the Number of Branches Credit Guarantee Applications and Financing Amount " again by 
Overseas Credit Guarantee Fund.
• "iLEO digital accounts" was selected by "DailyView Internet Thermometer" for having a "Stellar Online 
Reputation (Digital Accounts)"
• Continued to launch the “Sustainable Performance Linked Loan Project”, offering preferential interest rates to 
companies with improved environmental performance indicators. In 2022, the project approved 49 accounts 
with a total of NT$62.6 billion
• Diverse Talent 
Recruitment and Skills 
Cultivation
• Occupational Safety 
and Health
• Talent Retention and 
Accessible Benefits
• Ethical Operations 
and Fair Treatment of 
Customers
• Business performance
• Human Rights and 
Gender Equality
• Business performance
• Corporate governance
• Tax Governance
• Risk Management and 
Operational Continuity
• Ethical Operations and 
Fair Treatment of 
Customers
• Prevention of money 
laundering, financial 
fraud and terrorism 
financing
• Information Security 
and Privacy Protections
• Responsible Finance
• ESG Products and 
Services
• Climate Strategy and 
Management
• Human Rights and 
Gender Equality
• Ethical Operations 
and Fair Treatment of 
Customers
• Information Security 
and Privacy 
Protections
• Responsible Finance
• ESG Products and 
Services
• Risk Management 
and Operational 
Continuity
• Climate Strategy and 
Management
• Digital Innovation and 
Inclusion
• Business performance
• Awarded the "Digital Information Security Award - Excellence Award" at the 2nd Digital Finance Awards 
organized by <Commercial Times>
• Active interactions with the media to implement ESG performance
• The expert team provides daily updates on market conditions and financial products to help the public keep 
track of the financial market
• Business performance
• Ethical Operations and 
Fair Treatment of 
Customers
• Information Security 
and Privacy Protections
• Corporate governance
• Digital Innovation and 
Inclusion
• Talent Retention and 
Accessible Benefits
• Social Impact

20
• Permanent: Establish an effective corporate governance structure and improve 
internal control system
• Ad hoc: Participate in seminars, symposiums, public hearings, competitions and 
evaluations hosted by the competent authorities ;Compliance with the relevant 
laws and policies of the competent authorities and cooperate with their monitor-
ing and inspections ;Disclose business-related information on the Market 
Observation Post System and corporate website
Government policies 
influence the direction of 
business operations. FFHC 
actively cooperates with 
government policies, 
complies with regulatory 
laws, and develops a sound 
business environment
Suppliers/
Contractors
Governments/
Competent
authorities
Community/
Non-profit
organization/
Non-government
organization/
Academics and
experts
• Regular: Hosting of art exhibitions , concerts and cultivating table tennis teams
• Ad hoc: Hosting of blood drives /donation/compassion/green organic/recruitment 
of caring and green volunteers such as beach and mountain clean-up; organize 
financial school/ Green finance and environmental education courses /health and 
financial seminars/remote area free clinics; Sponsorship of tennis, table tennis 
/weightlifting/athletics/taekwondo/archery/road running/badminton, participate in 
ESG related organizations, Hosting of energy-conservation symposiums and 
participation in sustainable finance seminars
Communities form the social 
foundations for the 
development of FFHC. We 
actively participate in local 
community activities as part 
of our business operations 
and pay attention to how 
our operations affect the 
local community in order to 
build community rapport
Stakeholder
Materiality
Communication channel and frequency
• Permanent: Whistleblower section
• Regularly: If suppliers involve in environmental pollution, violation of labor laws 
and regulations, or threat to public interests, they will be required to give an 
explanation or be excluded as potential partners
• Before listing:
   1.Require companies that sell fund and insurance products through First bank to 
have compiled Sustainability Reports or issued a Sustainable Development 
Commitment 
   2. Review the ESG evaluation criteria of wealth management products through the 
ESG product review mechanism. The level of risk shall be classified based on the 
nature of these products before putting them on the market
• Ad hoc: Organize supplier meetings, Transparency of tender information and 
publication on corporate website
Suppliers are FFHC's green 
partners. The supplier 
management and ESG 
product review mechanisms 
are used to select qualified 
vendors who conform with 
the spirit of corporate 
sustainable development as 
long-term partners in 
implementing ESG together

21
• Implemented the <ISO 20400 sustainable procurement guideline> which implements 7 core themes in 
procurement practices as well as obtaining a certificate for <ISO 20400 sustainable procurement guideline 
performance evaluation>
• Received the highest rating of A and Leadership Grade from the CDP 2021 Supplier Engagement Rating
• Completed investigations of 2,686 suppliers and included 359 suppliers into a database of qualified 
companies
• Recognition as Benchmark Private Businesses and Groups in Green Purchasing by the Taipei City Government 
for the 8th consecutive year, while green purchasing amounted to NT$150.86 million 
• 100% of the onshore and offshore fund companies listed in the Group have signed the compliance statement 
of the “Stewardship Principles” and the “Principles for Responsible Investment (PRI)” respectively
• ESG Products and 
Services
• Climate Action
• Sustainable Procure-
ment and Supplier 
Management
• Social Impact
• Ethical Operations 
and Fair Treatment of 
Customers
• Selected 8 times by the Taiwan Stock Exchange Corporate Governance Evaluation System into the "top 5% of 
publicly listed companies", 3 times into the top 10% (4th place) of publicly listed companies in the "financial 
insurance category", selected for 8 consecutive years as a constituent stock of the "TWSE Corporate 
Governance 100 Index", selected for 6 consecutive years as a constituent stock of the "Taiwan Sustainability 
Index"
• Awarded the "National Sustainable Development Award - Corporate Category" by the National Sustainable 
Development Committee, Executive Yuan
• First Bank received the "Master Award" in the "Fourth National Enterprise Environmental Protection Awards".
• Selected by the Financial Supervisory Commission as a member of the "Coalition of Movers and Shakers on 
Sustainable Finance"
• Joined Partnership for Carbon Accounting Financials (PCAF) initiative and Science Based Targets initiative 
(SBTi)
• First Financial Holdings' TCFD report obtained the highest level certification of "LEVEL-5+" by the British 
Standards Institute (BSI), which is the first case in the financial industry.
• Awarded the Ministry of the Interior's "Green Building Benchmark Corporate Award"
• Awarded the Ministry of Economic Affairs' "Energy Conservation Benchmark Award - Silver"
• Awarded Taipei City Government's Net Zero Leadership Award - "Industry and Commerce Group A - 1st Place"
• Awarded New Taipei City Government's New Taipei City Enterprise Classic Award - "Model Enterprise in 
Energy"
• Selected by the Industrial Development Bureau, Ministry of Economic Affairs to organize the A grade 
certification of Taiwan Intellectual Property Management System (TIPS)
• First Bank donated 1‰ of payments made with the World Card totaling NT$1,130,000 to the "School Education 
Savings Account" platform of the Ministry of Education, which in turn helped 1,027 economically disadvantaged 
schoolchildren
• First Bank donated 3‰ of payments made with the Yilan Card totaling NT$2,650,000 to the Yilan County 
Government for use in social welfare, tree planting, and tree protection activities
• Reported business overview to the competent authorities every quarter to help the government keep track of 
the overall financial environment
• Ethical Operations 
and Fair Treatment of 
Customers
• Corporate 
governance
• Prevention of money 
laundering, financial 
fraud and terrorism 
financing
• Risk Management 
and Operational 
Continuity
• Climate Action
• Information Security 
and Privacy 
Protections
• ESG Products and 
Services
• Responsible Finance
• Climate Strategy and 
Management
• Sustainable Procure-
ment and Supplier 
Management
• Occupational Safety 
and Health
• Social Impact
• Sponsored the Jinshan Branch of National Taiwan University Hospital to implement necessary equipment for 
constructing a relay ward, sponsored Hualien Dental Association in improving equipment at the "Ruisui Dental 
Treatment Station" to provide local residents with superior medical services
• Assisted a total of 4,046 disadvantaged schoolchildren in Ankeng, Zhongzheng, and Erchong Elementary Schools for 
12 consecutive years
• Provided education assistance programs Sponsored the “Financial Service Industry Education Foundation” with NT$2.5 
million in 8 consecutive years and helped 1,507 students from poor and disadvantaged backgrounds complete their 
studies in 2022
• First Bank donated 6‰ of payments made with the Leezen Card totaling NT$10.89 million to the "Tze-Xin Organic 
Agriculture Foundation" and the "Bliss and Wisdom Foundation of Culture and Education." The donations help provide 
guidance on organic certification of agricultural products, promotion of organic vegetarian school meals, clean-up of 
water sources, and enhancing spiritual education
• Awarded the "Best ESG Award - 2nd Place" at the 11th Taiwan Banking and Finance Best Practice Awards organized 
by Taiwan Academy of Banking and Finance
• We have helped 25 elementary schools in rural areas of Xinzhu, Nantou, Yunlin, Xiayi, Hualian and Taitung County, 
etc. install 7,085 sets of LED lighting equipment. We estimate that the replacement would reduce about 620,000 kWh 
of electricity, cut electricity costs by approximately NT$2,480,000, and reduce 303 metric tons of CO2e each year
• Worked with Taipei City Low-Income Students Foundation and R.O.C. Shared Love Emergency Charity Association to 
provide microinsurance, benefiting 396 disadvantaged members of the public in 2022
• The release of 4 green financing and environmental training programs in "Green Buildings, Energy Conservation, and 
Decarbonization", "Climate Change Risk Management", "Review of Green Financing and Loans", "Green Consumer 
Financing", and 2 interactive online courses for environmental education as well as the "Student's Decarbonization 
Summer Camp for Environmental Education" co-organized in 2022 with environmental education partner Yang Ming 
Cultural Foundation promotes student's understanding of green financing and the shipping industry. A total of 27 
environmental education programs were hosted for a total of 718 participants hailing from enterprises, government 
agencies, and schools
• Sponsored “Taiwan Indigo Dye Association” to organize “Campus Environment Educational Lectures – The Beauty of 
National Parks in Taiwan” for schoolchildren to connect with, learn about, and further take action to protect nature 
and become junior environment keepers, benefiting a total of 3,122 schoolchildren
• The “Planting Tree for Love” campaign was held for 7 consecutive years, and a total of 8,671 trees were planted, 
reducing CO2e by 86.71 metric tons per year.
• Held the “I Love Beautiful Sea” beach clean-up activity for six consecutive years, collecting a total of 14,115 kg of 
waste such as driftwood, fishery and general waste
• Promotion of gender equality concepts through financial education promotion activities. A total of 41 sessions were 
held, benefiting around 3,008 people
• Purchased about NT$2.82 million of social innovation organizations’ products on the Social Impact platform’s “Social 
Innovation Database” of the Small and Medium Enterprise Administration of the Ministry of Economic Affairs, and won 
the third place in the “Buying Power Social Innovative Products and Services Procurement” of the Ministry of Economic 
Affairs
• 1,312 volunteers participated in 2022, benefiting 109,270 people and 5,199 hours of service
• Social Impact
• ESG Products and 
Services
• Climate Strategy and 
Management
• Climate Action
Material Issue
Communication highlights and accomplishments

   Actual negative impact
• Long-term inflation concerns have forced major 
countries into interest rate hike cycles, and 
fluctuations in the global financial market have 
exacerbated.
   Realistic positive impact
• Major countries are accelerating global supply 
chains triage while expediting implementation of 
sustainable development.
   Potential positive impact
• Enhance diverse international or regional 
cooperation and connection.
• Take advantage of the integration of digital 
economic development with new business 
models to tap into new business opportunities.
• Combine net zero goals for corporate sustain-
ability and implement inclusive finance.
   Mitigating measures
Continue to expand business 
presence and connections in 
overseas markets; improve the 
quality of main business 
operations; internalize risk control, 
internal control, regulatory 
compliance, information security 
and the prevention of money 
laundering as corporate culture; 
and combine core business 
operations and ESG factors into a 
driving force to enable influence 
on customers, industrial carbon 
emissions reduction & transforma-
tion, and sustainable development 
through the Group's investment & 
financing capabilities.
Impact Explanation
Action
• Companies should pursue 
excellent business 
performance and profits 
to maintain their 
operations and develop-
ment, drive domestic 
economic growth, and 
spur job creation.
• Pay close attention to 
shifts in global supply 
chains and trends in the 
transition to industrial net 
zero; unearth new growth 
drivers.
Sustainable Development Goals
Policies/
Commitment
Material
topics and
GRI specific
topics
GRI 2-6: Events, value chains and other commercial relations
Business performance
22
GRI 2-28: Membership of associations
   Potential negative impact
• Risk management and regulatory requirements 
derived from digital transformation, including 
aspects such as personal data protection, 
information security and money-laundering 
prevention, all of which would put corporate 
responsiveness to the test.
   Realistic positive impact
• To comply with the regulatory requirement that a 
bank's subsidiary must be a D-Sibs, the life 
insurance subsidiary has aligned with changes in 
the IFRS 17 international accounting framework 
and Global Insurance Capital Standard Version 
2.0 (ICS 2.0) to advance the Group's introduction 
of IFRS 17, while continuing to strengthen the 
capital benefits of the financial holding company 
and its subsidiaries. In doing so, the Group could 
improve its business performance.
   Potential positive impact
• Implementing risk management and abiding by 
regulations relating to internal control could 
effectively reduce or prevent operational risks 
while cutting down on property damage.
   Preventive measures
• Assess the execution of the 
compliance system at the 
Group's various companies; 
and connect assessment 
results with performance 
assessment to improve the 
effectiveness of executing the 
compliance system.
   Management measures
• Establish horizontal communi-
cation mechanisms for the 
second and third lines of 
defense to strengthen legal 
compliance, internal control, 
and internal audit synergy.
   Preventive measures
• Report the Group's risk 
evaluation results of climate 
change, offsetting measures 
and execution to the Board of 
Directors.
The Company's Board of 
Directors is the Group's 
highest-ranking governance 
body when it comes to risk 
management. Aside from 
formulating a comprehen-
sive internal control system 
and ensuring its continued 
and effective execution, it 
should also set up proper 
capital adequacy evaluation 
procedures and capital 
structure management. It 
should also establish 
procedures for identifying, 
assessing, monitoring and 
controlling major risks 
(credit risk, market risk, 
interest rate risk, liquidity 
risk, insurance risk, 
operation risk and emerging 
risks).
GRI 2-27: Compliance with laws and regulations
GRI 205-1: Operations assessed for risks related to corruption
Risk Management and Continuous Operation
FS1: Related policies applicable to specific environments and
social elements for various business operations
Responsible Unit
Corporate Governance WG
Corporate Governance WG、Responsible Finance WG

2022 Goals
KPI 1:
After-tax net profits budget 
achievement rate
The annual growth rate of 
after-tax net profits is not lower 
than the average real growth 
rate of the domestic financial 
and insurance industry in the 
past three (3) years
Continue to enhance the 
synergy between compli-
ance and internal 
control/audit
From the end of 2024, the 
management targets of 
CAR, Tier 1, common equity 
ratio and leverage ratio of 
14.25%, 2.25%, 10.75% and 
5% will be continuously 
achieved.
2023 Goals
Value Chain Stage
and Relations
NT$21.190 billions
NT$20.313 billions
Medium/Long-Term
Goals
(2024-2028)
KPI 2: 
The ratio of non-banking 
subsidiaries profits
The ratio of non-banking 
profits continues to increase
10
10
KPI
23
KPI 1: 
Double leverage ratio and 
(DLR) and Group capital 
adequacy ratio (CAR)
＜115%
＜115%
≧120%
＜120%
KPI 2:
First Bank capital adequacy 
ratio (CAR) and Tier 1 capital 
ratio
KPI 3:
First Bank ordinary share 
equity ratio and leverage 
ratio
KPI 4:
Strengthen legal compliance 
and internal control and 
internal audit synergy 
≧120%
≧110%
CAR＞13.5%
Tier1＞11.5%
CAR＞14.0%
Tier1＞11.75%
Ordinary share
equity ratio >10%
Leverage ratio >5%
Ordinary share
equity ratio >10.25%
Leverage ratio>5%
CAR 98%
Tier1 100%
Ordinary share
equity
ratio: 98%
Leverage ratio:
120%
FS2: The process of assessing and screening environmental
and social risks for various business operations
GRI 201-1: Direct economic value generated and distributed by the organization
101%
36%
100%
100%
100%
Comple-
tion
Rate
Procurement/Suppliers
Front-end Financial
Services for Customers＊1
Financial Transactions＊2
Old Assets＊4
Value Chain Stage and
Relations Back-end Financial
Services for Customers＊3
Hold the “Seminar 
on Review of the 
Discrepancies in 
the Group's 
Internal Control 
System and Legal 
Compliance 
Enhancement 
Measures” every 
half year.
Hold the “Seminar 
on Review of the 
Discrepancies in 
the Group's 
Internal Control 
System and Legal 
Compliance 
Enhancement 
Measures” every 
half year.

24
   Potential negative impact
• As the market is paying more attention to ESG 
issues and ESG factors have been progressively 
adopted in domestic and overseas financial 
evaluations, the financial industry may struggle to 
get the nod from the market and regulators and 
the risk of operational losses may increase if it 
fails to establish a well-rounded ESG mechanism.
• Currently there have been no consistent review 
criteria with respect to ESG factors on the market, 
plus domestic companies have not fully 
implemented ESG practices. Given that banking 
and insurance are fully competitive industries in 
Taiwan, the Group may be in an unfavorable 
position for business development if it holds itself 
to stringent ESG review standards.
   Potential positive impact
• We can expect to mitigate the negative 
environmental and social impact and credit risk 
of our investment and financing operations 
through identifying and staying on top of ESG 
implementations on the part of borrowers and 
invested corporations, which is conducive to 
maintaining asset quality and improving our 
corporate image.
   Preventive measures
• Continue to implement the 
Equator Principles to stay on 
top of and mitigate the 
environmental and social risks 
of major project financing 
through case classification.
   Management measures
• Continue to refine the 
verification mechanism of ESG 
factors for investment, financing 
and the product review 
process, and evaluate 
introduction of the “Guidelines 
for the Determination of 
Sustainable Economic Activities” 
promulgated by the Financial 
Supervisory Commission, in an 
effort to quantify the standards 
for evaluating investment/fi-
nancing cases, decision-mak-
ing, product designs and 
corporate engagements.
• Sustainable credit 
extension, sustainable 
investment and sustainable 
insurance policies are 
formulated based on the 
guiding principle of 
"Sustainable Empowerment 
for Shared Happiness" to 
integrate ESG factors with 
core business operations, 
including investment, 
financing, underwriting and 
insurance. It is hoped that 
the goal of co-existence 
and co-prosperity could be 
achieved by partnering with 
our clients to implement 
ESG's sustainable values.
• Continue to refine the 
verification mechanism of 
ESG factors with respect to 
product review; strive to 
provide ESG-compliant 
products and services in 
accordance with regulatory 
requirements in various 
countries; and faithfully fulfill 
an asset manager's heedful 
and fiduciary duties.
   Potential negative impact
• Well-rounded corporate governance 
lays the groundwork for corporate 
sustainable development. Failure to 
continue to refine and advance 
corporate governance structures and 
systems would affect its competitiveness 
and innovation-driven growth.
   Potential positive impact
• Continued refinement of corporate 
governance and ESG management 
could strengthen the operation and job 
functions of the Board of Directors, 
increase long-term corporate value, and 
win stakeholders' trust and support.
Sound corporate 
governance could 
strengthen the stability and 
transparency of corporate 
operation, and boost 
long-term corporate value 
and competitiveness. It lays 
the foundation for corporate 
sustainable development.
GRI Financial Services Sector Disclosures: Product portfolio
FS1: Related policies applicable to specific environments and 
      social elements for various business operations
Responsible Finance
Corporate governance
GRI 2-9: Governance structure & composition
GRI 2-10: Nominating and selecting the highest governance body
GRI 2-11: Chair of the highest governance body
GRI 2-12: Highest governance body' role in supervising impact management
GRI 2-13: Executive officer of impacted units
GRI 2-15: Conflict of interest
GRI 2-17: Collective knowledge of the highest governance body
GRI 2-18: Performance evaluation of the highest governance body
GRI 2-19: Remuneration Policy
GRI 2-20: Process for determining remuneration
   Preventive measures
• Carry out the diversification of Board 
members & their independence.
• Continue to evaluate the performance of 
the Board of Directors (including 
Functional Committees) and disclose 
related information; enhance the job 
functions of the Board of Directors and 
Functional Committees; and increase the 
objectiveness of Board performance 
evaluation and information transparency.
• Compile the Chinese and English 
versions of the sustainability report in 
accordance with the latest 2021 Global 
Reporting Initiative (GRI) standards and 
Sustainability Accounting Standards 
Board (SASB) while obtaining third-party 
assurance or guarantee, in order to 
improve the quality of ESG information.
• Conduct subsidiaries' comprehensive 
ESG performance assessments to 
deepen implementation and execution 
of the Group's ESG policies while 
ensuring that annual ESG targets are 
met.
FS2: The process of assessing and screening environmental
      and social risks for various business operations
Impact Explanation
Action
Policies/
Commitment
Material
topics and
GRI specific
topics
Responsible Unit
Responsible Finance WG
Corporate Governance WG

25
≧90
KPI 1:
Statistically communicate with 
clients and investee companies 
on the types of ESG issues, 
negotiation results and industry 
proportions, etc.
Engage with more than half of 
the corporations whose 
investment/financing positions 
rank among the top 60% in 
terms of carbon emissions by 
the end of 2025, and prompt 
them to formulate their net 
zero emissions goals by 2050
Participate in association- and 
government-sponsored 
meetings actively; adjust the 
credit extension process and 
guidelines; and enhance risk 
management of project 
financing
Conduct carbon 
footprint verification 
for investment/fi-
nancing positions 
that fall into high 
pollution (energy 
consumption) 
industries
Disclose on the 
Bank's website the 
implementation 
status of cases 
where the Equator 
Principles are 
applicable, 
including numbers, 
industries and areas
100%
≧90
KPI 2:
Abide by the Equator Principles, 
establish corresponding 
operating procedures, and 
support measures for prior 
communication with customers
100%
Commission a professional and 
independent external 
organization to conduct 
performance evaluation on the 
Board of Directors and 
Functional Committee at least 
once every three years
Disclose related 
indicators and conduct 
certification in 
accordance with the 
publishing time frame set 
forth in the IFRS S1 
sustainability guidelines
Commission a 
professional and 
independent external 
organization to conduct 
performance evaluation 
on the Board of 
Directors and 
Functional Committee
Average score 
> 4 points
KPI 3:
The ratio of attendance at 
shareholders' meetings of 
listed OTC companies
≧90
85 / 80
85 / 80
85 / 80
100
100
KPI 4:
The ratio of the onshore and 
offshore fund companies that 
signing the compliance statement 
of the “Stewardship Principles” 
and the “Principles for Responsible 
Investment (PRI)” respectively
KPI 1:
Board performance
evaluation
KPI 2:
Actual Board meeting 
attendance rate of the entire 
Board members/individual 
Directors (%)
The number of board
seats for any gender
directors reaches
at least 1/3 (5 seats)
Continue to implement
the diversity and
independence
of the Board of Directors
The number of board
seats for any gender
directors reaches
at least 1/3 (5 seats)
KPI 3:
Diversification of Board 
members & their 
independence
KPI 4: Quality of 
information in the 
sustainability report
Domestic: 100
Overseas: 90
FS3: The process of overseeing whether a client has executed and complied with the environmental and social
       policies required by agreements or transactions
SASB: FN-CB-410a.2
GRI 2-21: Ratio of total annual remuneration
GRI 201-1: Direct economic value generated and distributed by the organization
GRI 404-3: Percentage of employees receiving regular performance and career development reviews
GRI 405-1: Diversity of governance bodies and employees
Preparation
Standard
GRI
Standards
Assurance
Standard
AA1000TYPE2 
Assurance 
Standard 
Application Type 
2 High Assurance 
Level
SASB
guidelines
for two
industries
ISAE 3000 
assurance 
standards
New
version
of GRI
standards
(2021)
AA1000TYPE2 
Assurance 
Standard 
Application Type 
2 High Assurance 
Level
SASB
guidelines
for two
industries
ISAE 3000 
assurance 
standards
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
2022 Goals
2023 Goals
Value Chain Stage
and Relations
Medium/Long-Term
Goals
(2024-2028)
KPI
Comple-
tion
Rate
Procurement/Suppliers
Front-end Financial
Services for Customers＊1
Financial Transactions＊2
Old Assets＊4
Value Chain Stage and
Relations Back-end Financial
Services for Customers＊3
Preparation
Standard
Assurance
Standard

   Potential negative impact
• Demand for sustainable financial products and services 
have doubled in recent years. However, as related review 
and regulatory mechanisms are not perfected, the 
Company may struggle to meet customers' needs as a 
result of obscure positioning, if it fails to specifically quantify 
the benefits of its products and services for environment and 
society. Furthermore, it may risk losing business opportunities 
while being criticized as trying to “green-bleach” its 
reputation with no actual actions to back it up.
   Potential positive impact
• Work with the government to push forward the “Loans for 
Six Core Strategic Industries” project to promote economic 
development while seeking sustainable business 
opportunities and profitable opportunities from related 
industries.
   Realistic positive impact
• In response to demands associated with population aging 
and government review mechanisms, the provision of 
diverse and inclusive financing products and services could 
enhance protection of senior and underprivileged 
customers, in addition to improving corporate image and 
expanding diverse business opportunities for sales.
• As the government is pushing for urban renewal and 
reconstruction of unsafe and old buildings, such products 
and services could not only expand the Group's financing 
operations, but also integrate construction management and 
trust services to create safe and environment-friendly 
residences for consumers. As a result, a win-win situation 
could be achieved among environment, residents and the 
Group.
   Preventive measures
• Strengthen the main development 
theme of ESG operations; improve 
the overall ESG investment/financ-
ing and the share of its products; 
expand the concept of sustainable 
development to overseas 
operations; and strive to help 
industries with sustainable 
transformation using our financial 
and brokerage influence.
   Management measures
• Focus on the six core strategic 
industries; promote project 
financing with credit extension 
interconnected with renewable 
energy, green enterprises and 
sustainable performance; issue 
green and sustainable development 
bonds; and continue to direct funds 
towards environment- and 
society-friendly projects.
• Continue to promote diverse and 
inclusive financing products catering 
to demographic groups such as 
seniors and persons with 
disabilities; value financially 
underprivileged people's rights to 
access equal financial services; and 
create a friendly financial 
environment.
Combine core 
operations with 
sustainable goals by 
referencing internation-
al initiatives; guide the 
flow of funds towards 
projects relating to 
sustainable develop-
ment as a fund 
supplier; and faithfully 
fulfill the financial 
industry's due 
responsibilities in the 
financial supply chain in 
order to achieve the 
sustainable develop-
ment of environment, 
economy and society.
ESG products and services
GRI 201-1: Direct economic value generated and distributed by the organization
GRI 203-1: Investment in infrastructure & development of and impact on support services
GRI industrial disclosure index for the financial services industry: Product portfolio
FS1: Related policies applicable to specific environments and social elements for various business operations
FS2: The process of assessing and screening environmental and social risks for various business operations
FS3: The process of overseeing whether a client has executed and complied with the environmental and social policies required by
      agreements or transactions
FS7: The monetary value of products and services designed to create social benefits by various business operations is categorized in
      accordance with their purposes
26
Companies must comply with 
local taxation regulations and 
responsible tax principles at 
their locations of operations, 
faithfully pay their taxes, and 
file their tax returns in a timely 
fashion. They should also 
formulate tax governance 
policy separately in response 
to international trends in tax 
governance, in an effort to 
improve the transparency of 
their tax information.
Tax Governance
GRI 207-1: Taxation methods
GRI 207-2: Tax governance, control and risk management
GRI 207-3: Items of concern for stakeholders participating in and managing related tax affairs
   Potential negative impact
• Failure to implement tax governance 
could impact a company's profits and 
increase its financial burdens, or even 
wreak havoc on its image and 
reputation.
   Potential positive impact
• Paying taxes as required by law is 
conducive to promoting economic 
growth as well as balanced regional 
development.
• A company could boost its competi-
tiveness while creating corporate 
value through an effective tax 
governance mechanism.
   Preventive measures
• Management bodies of tax affairs should 
abide by tax regulations to file tax returns and 
pay taxes. Self-assessment should be conducted 
twice a year to ensure that tax affairs personnel 
adhere to internal operating procedures and 
tax regulations. They should also report the tax 
management status to the Board of Directors 
on a regular basis.
   Preventive measures
• Ensure that executive officers responsible for 
tax affairs familiarize themselves with tax 
regulations and participate in external taxation 
training courses, in an effort to improve tax 
affairs personnel's professionalism.
   Management measures
• Disclose the Group's tax information in 
accordance with financial reporting standards 
and regulations set forth in the annual report.
Impact Explanation
Action
Policies/
Commitment
Material
topics and
GRI specific
topics
Responsible Unit
Sustainable Financial Products and Services WG 
Corporate Governance WG 

27
KPI 1: 
Number of financing projects 
for urban renewal and the 
reconstruction of dangerous 
and old buildings
12 projects
Accumulate 50 projects
12 projects
525%
KPI 2: 
Green financing (including 
green industry, green 
enterprise and green building) 
loan balance
NT$ 115 billions
By 2028
NT$ 140 billions
NT$ 100 billions
101%
KPI 3: 
New volume of “Green 
Consumption Loans”
NT$ 2 billions
Accumulate NT$ 10 billions
NT$ 2 billions
411%
KPI 4:
Number of micro-insurance 
policies provided for the 
economically disadvantaged 
to gain basic coverage
360 policies
By 2028
385 policies
320 policies
124%
KPI 5:
Number of new loan accounts 
of Comfort Loan
160 accounts
Accumulate 800 accounts
160 accounts
133%
FS8: The monetary value of products and services designed to create environmental benefits by various business
      operations is categorized in accordance with their purposes
GRI industrial disclosure index for the financial services industry: Active ownership
FS11: Share of positive and negative influences in asset that is related to environmental or social screening
GRI industrial disclosure index for the financial services industry: Local communities
FS14: Advocate the provision of better financial services and related measures for the underprivileged
FS16: Advocate related measures to enhance financial knowledge on the part of various types of beneficiaries
SASB: FN-CB-240a.1, FN-CF-000.A, FN-CF-000.B
KPI 1:
Strengthen the 
governance structure of 
tax affairs
Report the tax
management status to
the Board of Directors
on a regular basis
Report the tax
management status to
the Board of Directors
on a regular basis
100%
KPI 2:
Improve the transparency 
of tax information
Continue to publish tax
governance reports on
the company website
Continue to publish tax
governance reports on
the company website
100%
GRI 207-4: Country/regional report
GRI disclosure index for the financial services industry: Product portfolio
FS1: Related policies applicable to specific environments and social elements for various business operations
2022 Goals
2023 Goals
Value Chain Stage
and Relations
Medium/Long-Term
Goals
(2024-2028)
KPI
Comple-
tion
Rate
Procurement/Suppliers
Front-end Financial
Services for Customers＊1
Financial Transactions＊2
Old Assets＊4
Value Chain Stage and
Relations Back-end Financial
Services for Customers＊3
Disclose the tax 
governance policy on 
the company website 
and publish tax 
governance reports
Report the tax 
management status to 
the Board of Directors 
on a regular basis

28
• In the face of the 
financial industry's 
continued digital 
transformation as well as 
new, ever-evolving 
cyber-attacks, we need 
to take advantage of the 
synergy of joint defense 
of information security 
through collecting and 
responding to informa-
tion security intelligence, 
analysis and sharing of 
information security 
events, monitoring and 
joint defense of financial 
information security, and 
the promotion of 
financial information 
security configurations.
• Formulate the “Policy on 
Personal Data Protection 
for First Financial Holding 
& Various Subsidiaries” 
and “Guidelines for 
Responding to, Reporting 
& Preventing Major 
Personal Data Incidents 
at First Financial Group”, 
in order to protect the 
rights of the concerned 
party and strengthen the 
Group's responsiveness 
and preventive 
mechanism against 
major personal data 
breaches.
Information security & protection of privacy
GRI 418-1: Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy and losses of customer data
   Potential negative impact
• Demand for digital finance has spiked in the 
wake of the pandemic. However, financial 
crimes and incidents of hacker attacks occur 
more frequently. If employees' information 
security awareness and software and 
hardware equipment's safeguard for 
information security are insufficient, the overall 
operational risks may rise significantly.
   Potential negative impact
• The Financial Supervisory Commission has 
adopted financial institutions' information 
security practices as a factor for accruing 
deposit insurance and insurance guarantee 
fund rates, as well as for approving or 
rejecting their applications for related 
operations. The ability to safeguard 
information security would greatly affect our 
future operational capabilities and profitability.
   Potential negative impact
• As the awareness of personal data protection 
is on the rise and regulatory rules have 
become more stringent, failure to implement 
related measures may lead to penalties and 
damage the Company's reputation, which 
would further undermine customers' trust in the 
Company.
   Potential positive impact
• As fintech thrives, enhancing the protection 
and management of personal data would 
reduce company losses, safeguard customer 
rights, and increase customer satisfaction.
• Strengthening the resilience of information 
security and the stability of the core system 
while optimizing the backup mechanism would 
help boost a financial institution's competitive-
ness and increase customer trust and 
stickiness.
   Preventive measures
• Conduct e-mail social engineering drills 
and tests as well as education training on 
personal data protection regularly to raise 
information security awareness, prevent 
personal data leaks, and enhance 
employee's professionalism.
• Continuing core system transformation and 
moving system architecture towards small 
cores with large peripherals is conducive 
to interfacing with external systems and 
developing open banking.
• Expand the backup center's capacity; 
introduce new-gen software-defined 
networks; set up modern server rooms with 
the aim of achieving active-active 
operation; and ensure uninterrupted 
information service and operation.
• Construct key information security defense 
capabilities through containerized security 
defense, automated deployment of firewall 
regulations, optimized integration of code 
checks, and the expansion of the support 
platform for privileged accounts.
   Management measures
• Continue to advance various information 
security practices in accordance with the 
Financial Supervisory Commission's 
“Financial Cyber Security Action Plan 2.0”, 
including deepening the core system's 
data security and operational drills; in 
addition, related systems and operations 
must conform to ISO 27001 certification.
• The Company plans to introduce a zero 
trust cyber security architecture to align 
with the government's plan to push forward 
the National Cyber Security Program of 
Taiwan, in an effort to gradually build up a 
zero trust cyber security and defense 
environment within 3 years.
Formulate the Group's policy 
on anti-money laundering, 
countering terrorism 
financing and related plans; 
establish consistent 
guidelines for anti-money 
laundering and countering 
terrorism financing across 
the Group; set forth related 
guidelines to protect 
customers against fraud; 
and implement employee 
education training to 
enhance the effectiveness of 
preventive measures 
against fraud.
Anti-money laundering, financial fraud and countering terrorism financing
GRI 2-23: Policy commitments
   Potential negative impact
• Failure to comply with operating 
procedures for anti-money 
laundering, financial fraud and 
countering terrorism financing could 
lead to substantial penalties and 
impact corporate image as well as 
sales promotion.
   Realistic positive impact
• Implementing the prevention of 
money laundering, financial fraud, 
and terrorism financing facilitates 
international business expansion 
and stabilizes the financial system.
   Preventive measures
• The Company convenes workshops for the 
chief compliance officers of each company 
of the Group to report their AML/CFT 
operations quarterly.
• Conduct Institutional Risk Assessment (IRA) 
for money laundering and terrorist financing 
activities and follow up implementation 
status of improvement plans.
   Preventive measures
• Implement the joint defense reporting 
mechanism against fraud; conduct activities 
to promote financial education; and provide 
financial knowledge about fraud prevention 
and relief.
• Strengthen the Group's mechanism against 
money laundering and financial terrorism; 
and improve employees' risk awareness 
and capabilities.
GRI 2-24: Adopted as policy commitments
Impact Explanation
Action
Policies/
Commitment
Material
topics and
GRI specific
topics
Responsible Unit
Corporate Governance WG
Sustainable Financial Products and Services WG

29
Company
Bank
Securities
Life Insurance
Consulting
0.1%
1.8%
1.8%
1.6%
1.8%
Company
0.02%
0.65%
0%
0.7%
0%
Company
0.1%
1.6%
1.6%
1.4%
2.5%
1.8%
Company
0.1%
1%
1%
1%
2.5%
1.8%
Company
Bank
Securities
0.5 hour
1 hour
2 hours
Completion Rate
100%
100%
100%
0.5 hour
1 hour
2 hours
2 hours
0.5 hour
1 hour
2 hours
2 hours
KPI 1:
Conduct the review of ISO 
27001 Information Security 
Management System
Continue to conduct
2024 version of ISO 27001:
Conversion of the 2022
version and certification
At least 2 times
per year
65
Accumulate 250
64
100%
KPI 2: 
Conduct E-mail 
social engineering 
drills
KPI 3:
The time needed for 
switching from the 
core information 
system to the 
backup center and 
for resuming 
operations
KPI 4: 
Proportion of employees 
receiving education 
training on the 
“Personal Data 
Protection Act” (%)
100
100
100
100%
SASB：FN-CF-220a.1、FN-CB-220a.2、FN-CF-230a.1、FN-CF-230a.3、FN-CB-230a.1、FN-CB-230a.2
KPI 1:
Commission external 
professional institutions to 
verify the effectiveness of 
the AML system
100%
KPI 2:
Number of financial education 
and promotion held
111%
90
90
90
KPI 3:
Proportion (%) of domestic 
department managers in charge 
of AML and related personnel 
receiving domestic or internation-
al certificates
100%
GRI 2-25: Procedures for remedying negative impact
2022 Goals
2023 Goals
Value Chain Stage
and Relations
Medium/Long-Term
Goals
(2024-2028)
KPI
Comple-
tion
Rate
Procurement/Suppliers
Front-end Financial
Services for Customers＊1
Financial Transactions＊2
Old Assets＊4
Value Chain Stage and
Relations Back-end Financial
Services for Customers＊3
Banks, securities firms, 
securities investment 
trust enterprises and 
life insurance 
subsidiaries continue 
to commission 
professional external 
organizations to verify 
the effectiveness of 
the AML system.
Banks, securities firms, 
securities investment 
trust enterprises and 
life insurance 
subsidiaries continue 
to commission 
professional external 
organizations to verify 
the effectiveness of 
the AML system.
• Banks, securities firms, 
securities investment trust 
enterprises and life 
insurance subsidiaries 
continue to commission 
professional external 
organizations to verify the 
effectiveness of the AML 
system.
• First Bank will complete 
implementation of its 
overseas AML system by the 
end of 2024; and a third 
party will be commissioned 
for verification.
Phishing
successful
Phishing
successful
Phishing
successful
Drill
results
Securities
Investment Trust
Securities
Investment
Trust
Bank
Securities
Bank
Securities
Securities
Investment
Trust
Life
Insurance
Securities
Investment
Trust
Life
Insurance
Bank
Securities
Life Insurance
Consulting
Life Insurance
AMC
Consulting
Securities
Investment Trust
Bank
Securities
Securities
Investment Trust
Life Insurance
AMC
Consulting
Bank
Securities
Securities
Investment Trust
Company
Company
Switching
Time
Switching
Time
Switching
Time

   Potential negative impact
• If the Company does not have a sound 
internal control system nor establish 
evaluation and prevention mechanisms 
for the risks of unethical conduct, it may 
be at risk of suffering from company 
and customer loss or being punished by 
the competent authority. The 
consequences will damage the 
Company's image.
• As fintech thrives, awareness of fair 
customer treatment is on the rise and 
regulatory rules have become more 
stringent; failure to implement the fair 
customer treatment management 
mechanism may increase the likelihood 
of infringement upon customer rights, 
lead to penalties, and damage the 
Company's reputation.
  Realistic positive impact
• Implement ethical management, avoid 
corruption and other unethical matters, 
thus preventing financial losses, 
establishing the Company as an entity 
that conducts business with integrity, 
and improving customer trust and 
loyalty.
• Optimize the customer complaint 
process and compile and categorize 
major customer complaint cases 
regularly in conjunction with satisfaction 
surveys to adjust business development 
directions; by doing so, sound customer 
relations could be established.
• Enhanced employee education training 
on fair customer treatment could 
improve employees' professionalism 
and reduce the Company's operating 
losses, while safeguarding customer 
rights and winning their trust.
    Preventive measures 
• The Ethical Management Committee, 
made up of Independent Directors, is 
responsible for formulating and 
amending the Group's ethical 
management policies for its enterprises 
and organizations.
• The Group's enterprises and organiza-
tions regularly organize promotion and 
education training relating to ethical 
management on their employees. 
Directors, Supervisors, managers and 
employees of various companies under 
the Group shall sign the code of 
conduct for Directors, Supervisors, 
managers and employees at the end of 
each year, or when they come on 
board.
• Continue to conduct customer 
satisfaction and net promoter score 
surveys; formulate related improvement 
measures to stay close to customer 
needs; work with regulatory require-
ments to refine the customer complaint 
process; and categorize major 
customer complaint cases before 
submitting them to the Board of 
Directors regularly.
• Design, monitor and thoroughly execute 
indicators with respect to improper 
marketing and financial exploitation in 
the Compliance Risk Assessment (CRA) 
& Institutional Risk Assessment (IRA); 
improper marketing targeting 
underprivileged customers or customer 
grievance and disputes derived from 
other violations would be included in 
the annual assessment; financial service 
operation procedures or processes are 
formulated for senior customers, 
including measures such as KYC risk 
ratings, the inclusion of factors with 
higher influence on seniors in product 
design, and the installation of 
cooling-off periods for investment 
products.
• Corporate management 
focuses on integrity which 
is implemented in 
operations and manage-
ment and compliance to 
prevent employee fraud, 
penalties, and damage to 
business reputation and 
customer trust in the 
brand.
• Implement the culture of 
treating customers fairly; 
refine friendly financial 
services; treat seniors and 
underprivileged customers 
fairly; and improve service 
quality.
• Banks, securities 
companies, securities 
investment trust enterpris-
es and life insurance 
companies shall formulate 
their own "Policy of Fair 
Customer Treatment" and 
make timely revisions in 
accordance with rules 
and regulations. Execution 
of fair customer treatment 
and improvement 
measures shall be 
submitted to their 
respective Boards after 
being reviewed by the 
Fair Customer Treatment 
Committee.
Ethical management & treating customers fairly
GRI 2-25: Procedures for remedying negative impact
GRI 2-26: Mechanism of soliciting suggestions & raising concerns
GRI 205-2: Communication and training about anti-corruption policies and procedures
GRI 205-3: Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken
GRI 417-1: Requirements for product and service information and labeling
GRI 417-2: Incidents of non-compliance concerning product and service Information and labeling
GRI 417-3: Incidents of non-compliance
               concerning marketing
               communications
GRI industrial disclosure index for
the financial services industry:
Local communities
30
Impact Explanation
Action
Policies/
Commitment
Material
topics and
GRI specific
topics
Responsible Unit
Corporate Governance WG、Sustainable Financial Products and Services WG

31
KPI 1:
Proportion (%) of employees 
signing employee code of 
conduct at domestic & 
overseas locations of 
operations
100
100
100
100%
KPI 2:
Proportion (%) of employees 
receiving education training 
on ethical management
100
100
100
100%
100%
100%
KPI 3:
Proportion (%) of banks, 
securities firms, securities 
investment trust enterprises 
and life insurance companies 
conducting customer 
satisfaction surveys
KPI 4:
Proportion (%) of banks, 
securities firms, securities 
investment trust enterprises 
and life insurance companies 
conducting customer net 
promoter score surveys
FS14: Advocate the provision of better financial services and related measures for the underprivileged
FS15: Related policies on fair design and sales of financial products and services
FS16: Advocate related measures to enhance financial knowledge on the part of various types of beneficiaries
SASB: FN-CB-510a.1, FN-CB-510a.2, FN-CF-220a.1, FN-CF-220a.2, FN-CF-230a.1, FN-CB-230a.1, FN-CF-270a.4
         FN-CF-270a.5
Bank
Securities
Securities
Investment
Trust
Life
Insurance
Securities
Investment
Trust
Life
Insurance
Securities
Investment
Trust
Life
Insurance
86.6
85.4
96.3
73.5
Bank
Securities
87
85.5
96.4
78.5
Bank
Securities
88
86.1
97
82
Bank
Securities
46.4
53.5
56.3
10
Bank
Securities
47
53.6
56.4
10
Bank
Securities
48
55.1
57
14
2022 Goals
2023 Goals
Value Chain Stage
and Relations
Medium/Long-Term
Goals
(2024-2028)
KPI
Comple-
tion
Rate
Procurement/Suppliers
Front-end Financial
Services for Customers＊1
Financial Transactions＊2
Old Assets＊4
Value Chain Stage and
Relations Back-end Financial
Services for Customers＊3
Securities
Investment
Trust
Life
Insurance
Securities
Investment
Trust
Life
Insurance
Securities
Investment
Trust
Life
Insurance

32
Formulate 
governance 
structures, 
strategies, risk 
management 
processes, 
management 
indexes and goals 
in accordance with 
the Task Force on 
Climate-Related 
Financial 
Disclosures (TCFD) 
architecture 
published by the 
Financial Stability 
Board, as well as 
financial disclosure 
guidelines on 
climate-related 
risks from 
regulators, in an 
effort to improve 
operational 
resilience in the 
face of extreme 
climate.
Climate strategy & management
GRI 201-2: Financial implications and other risks and opportunities due to climate change
GRI 203-1: Investment in infrastructure & development of and impact on support services
GRI 203-2: Notable indirect economic impact
   Potential negative impact
• As domestic and overseas industrial supply 
chains have progressively established their 
action plans for carbon emissions reduction or 
collected carbon taxes (for example, the EU will 
enforce the “Carbon Border Adjustment 
Mechanism” in 2026), related industries may be 
confronted with operational impact or transition 
risk, which could indirectly impact the Group's 
credibility and increase operational risks.
• Direct or indirect impact caused by extreme 
climate, such as floods, wind disasters, extreme 
rainfall, droughts and water shortage could 
affect corporate operations and lead to financial 
losses, which would further affect the Group's 
asset quality.
   Potential positive impact
• Quantifying financial impact caused by climate 
risks through complying with the TCFD framework 
is conducive to strengthening resilience and risk 
responsiveness for the Group's core operations.
• Corporate awareness of climate risks has 
increased, and they have committed more 
resources to sustainable transformation. The 
financial industry is a key force in terms of 
helping to drive sustainable corporate 
transformation.
   Preventive measures
• Produced reports in accordance with the TCFD 
framework and obtained Level 5+:Excellence 
certification from the British Standards Institution 
(BSI) for two consecutive years.
• Joined the PCAF and SBTi initiatives; conducted a 
thorough investigation into the amount of 
financial carbon emissions from the Group's 
investment/financing positions using the PCAF 
methodology; and gradually introduced the SBTi 
methodology to set carbon reduction targets and 
met TCFD disclosure requirements.
   Mitigating measures
• Include climate change risks in the risk 
management policy and report the execution 
status to the Board of Directors; continue to 
participate in the Bankers Association of the 
Republic of China's climate change risk 
management & stress test projects; conduct 
transition risk analysis on major borrowers with 
substantial carbon emissions; and analyze 
investment positions of the insurance industry with 
regard to the following three scenarios: 
disorderly transition, long-term orderly transition 
and no transition.
• Progressively reduce the cap on the share of 
investment in or financing for high-pollution 
(energy consumption) industries.
To facilitate the 
sustainable 
stability of 
environment and 
ecology, the 
Company is on 
a mission to 
pursue 
environmentally 
sustainable 
operations, 
while adopting 
various 
low-emissions 
operational 
practices, with 
the aim of 
lowering GHG 
emissions, 
reducing wastes, 
and facilitating 
the Group's 
transition to 
low-emissions 
operations.
Climate action
GRI 302-1: Energy consumption within the organization
GRI 302-2: Energy consumption outside the organization
GRI 302-3: Energy Intensity
GRI 302-4: Reduction of energy consumption
GRI 302-5: Reductions in energy requirements of products and services
GRI 305-1: Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions
GRI 305-2: Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions
GRI 305-3: Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions
GRI 305-4: GHG emissions intensity
GRI 305-5: Reduction of GHG emissions
    Actual negative impact
• In light of the fact that the Group has obtained a jump start 
in driving emissions reductions in Scope 1 and Scope 2, and 
related large power-hungry equipment has been replaced 
with energy-efficient equipment, its average annual 
emissions reduction compared with the previous year has hit 
a bottleneck since 2018. Furthermore, it needs to procure 
renewable energy to reach SBT emissions reduction targets, 
which is also quite costly. As the supply of renewable energy 
is still in the development stage in Taiwan, the renewable 
energy market may struggle to keep up with demand when 
corporations start to procure large amounts of renewable 
energy in order to align with the “Climate Change Response 
Act” Net Zero 2050 policy going forward.
• A new carbon fee mechanism has been added to the 
“Climate Change Response Act”, and the Environmental 
Protection Administration will submit draft measures for 
carbon fee collection, including related details such as 
announcements of parties subject to fee collection, rates, 
proactive corporate carbon emissions reduction, and 
preferential rates for reduced carbon fee, which may 
increase the Group's operating costs.
   Realistic positive impact
• Actively participate in external environmental competitions to 
vie for accolades in an effort to cultivate a 
environment-friendly and energy-conserving culture.
• Implementing energy conservation, emissions reduction, 
water conservation and garbage reduction is conducive to 
reducing operating costs.
• Colleagues concur and strive to carry out tasks for the 
conservation of environment, and will work together to reach 
various energy conservation and emissions reduction targets 
set by the Company.
   Mitigating measures: 
・To align with the country's Net Zero 2050 
goal, the Group has adopted the 
absolute reduction method to limit 
warming to 1.5℃ per SBT goals. It has set 
the goal that the combined annual 
amount of carbon emissions from Scope 1 
and Scope 2 shall be 4.2% less than that 
in the benchmark year (2021).
・Conduct the “Carbon Management & 
Energy Conservation Competition Among 
Domestic Business Units”; assign 
respective emissions reduction targets to 
domestic business units and announce 
their execution status on a quarterly basis; 
ranking will be determined in accordance 
with their goal achievement rates at the 
end of each year; business units with 
outstanding results will be cited and 
awarded; business units failing to reach 
their emissions reduction targets are 
required to submit their emissions 
reduction plans and follow through with 
them.
・Sign renewable energy transfer 
agreements with renewable energy 
suppliers to procure renewable energy 
with“ bundled renewable energy 
certificates”; renewable energy has been 
transferred to the Bank's 18 locations of 
operations since December 2021, with 
plans to progressively expand the transfer 
to more locations going forward.
Impact Explanation
Action
Policies/
Commitment
Material
topics and
GRI specific
topics
Responsible Unit
Responsible Finance WG
Environmental Sustainability WG

33
Bank
Securities
≤13%
≤30%
≤13%
≤10%
≤12%
≤27%
≤12%
≤10%
2026≤10%
2027≤15%
2028≤10%
2028≤7%
KPI 1:
Fill out the CDP questionnaires 
for climate change
100%
KPI 2:
Introduce 
science-based targets 
(SBT) for carbon 
reduction
Evaluate the feasibility 
of introducing SBT and 
quantify the financial 
impact on two sensitive 
industries in the face of 
climate change risks
Banks, securities firms, life 
insurance companies, 
securities investment trust 
enterprises, AMCs and 
venture capital subsidiaries 
formulate SBT emissions 
reduction targets for their 
investment/financing 
operations.
Formulate group-wide SBT 
emissions reduction targets 
by Nov. 9, 2024 and submit 
them to SBTi for review
100%
for the financial services industry: Product portfolio
FS1: Related policies applicable to specific environments and social elements for various business operations
100%
100%
100%
KPI 3:
First Bank's credit caps for 
highly polluting/high 
energy consumption 
industries
KPI 4:
Credit caps for highly 
polluting/high energy 
consumption industries
100%
100%
＜13.75%
By 2026
<13%
≤14.0%
KPI 1:
Combined group-wide amount 
of carbon emissions reduction 
from Scope 1 & Scope 2 (metric 
tons of CO2e)
116%
KPI 2:
Amount of group-wide 
recourses recycled (metric tons)
130%
GRI 305-7: Nitrogen oxides (NOx), sulfur oxides (SOx), and other significant air emissions
GRI disclosure index for the financial services industry: Product portfolio
FS4: The procedure of improving employees' capability to execute at various business operations,
      with an attempt to implement environmental and social policies and processes pertaining to
      such operations
919.49
Annual reduction of
919.49
557
≧182.72
By 2028
Accumulate≧994.26
≧173.91
KPI 3:
Number of buildings belonging 
to the Group that have won the 
Green Building Label
100%
An aggregate of
36 buildings
An aggregate of
46 buildings
An aggregate of
34 buildings
KPI 4:
Renewable energy is 
produced and used
214%
210,000 kWh
An aggregate of
1,200,000 kWh
120,000 kWh
KPI 5:
The Group's total water 
consumption (million liters)
100%
＜242.15
Accumulate<1,079
＜214.8
KPI 6:
Group-wide garbage amount 
(metric ton)
100%
<337.21
＊: Compared
with 2022, 50 metric
tons have been added
as target foroverseas branches of First Bank
Accumulate<1423.42
＜287.7
2022 Goals
2023 Goals
Value Chain Stage
and Relations
Medium/Long-Term
Goals
(2024-2028)
KPI
Comple-
tion
Rate
Procurement/Suppliers
Front-end Financial
Services for Customers＊1
Financial Transactions＊2
Old Assets＊4
Value Chain Stage and
Relations Back-end Financial
Services for Customers＊3
Life Insurance
Venture Capital
Bank
Securities
Life Insurance
Venture Capital
Bank
Securities
Life Insurance
Venture Capital

   Potential negative impact
• Some suppliers operate on a monopolistic or oligopolistic 
basis in Taiwan, while others are merely agents or 
importers. As a result, companies that procure from them 
are unable to ascertain if the product manufacturing 
process is consistent with environment-friendly or low carbon 
emissions requirements. It could also be challenging to 
engage with manufacturers.
   Actual negative impact
• As suppliers are unable to produce Green Labels for all of 
their products, it is therefore difficult to increase the 
proportion of green purchasing.
   Realistic positive impact
• Procurement of energy-saving and water-conserving 
products with Green Labels would effectively reduce 
operating costs.
• The Company engages with suppliers in areas of climate 
change and environmental sustainability while sharing the 
concept of circular economy, in hopes of helping them 
transform, staying on top of sustainable business opportuni-
ties, and bringing its financial influence into full play.
   Preventive measures
Obtained the “ISO 20400 
Sustainable Procurement-Guidance 
Performance Review” certification, 
as all suppliers agreed to abide by 
the Company's “Supplier 
Management Guidelines” while 
signing the “Declaration on Human 
Rights and Environmental 
Sustainability Clauses”; conduct 
regular audits to determine if 
suppliers have come across issues 
concerning environmental 
protection, occupational hazards, 
or have violated labor regulations; 
urge suppliers that have been 
fined for breaching related 
regulations to come up with 
improvement plans, or terminate 
business partnership with them.
Formulate the “Supplier 
Management 
Guidelines” as the policy 
and guiding principles 
for the Group's 
companies to manage 
their suppliers; demand 
that suppliers abide by 
the Universal Declara-
tion of Human Rights, 
rules and generally 
acknowledged basic 
labor and human rights 
principles, regulations 
relating to environmental 
protection, occupational 
health and safety, and 
international trends in 
ethical management 
and sustainable 
corporate development; 
share resources with 
suppliers and strive for 
value co-creation.
Sustainable procurement & supplier management
GRI 2-6: Events, value chains and other commercial relations
GRI 204-1: Proportion of spending on local suppliers
GRI 308-1: New suppliers that were screened using environmental criteria
GRI 308-2: Supply chain's negative impact on environment and countermeasures
GRI 403-7: Prevent and mitigate occupational safety and health impact directly related to
               business operations
GRI 407-1: Locations of operations or suppliers
               likely to encounter risks associated with
               freedom of association and collective
               bargaining
34
   Potential negative impact
• Brand loyalty among young generations of customers is 
relatively low in the digital age, which, along with stiff 
competition among pure online banks in Taiwan, presents 
a major challenge in terms of how to create an emotional 
connection and solidify interactions. Competitive edge 
could also be further affected.
• Financial innovation and changes have accelerated and 
emerging fintech has thrived in the post-pandemic era, 
which has increased the risk of new technologies (such as 
eKYC and online identity validation, etc). All of these put 
the ability to connect, carry and monitor information to the 
test. If monitored improperly, disputes over financial 
consumption and usage rights may arise.
   Potential positive impact
• The gradual easing of regulations and restrictions on open 
banking and data sharing as well as breakthroughs in 
lowering technical barriers are conducive to improving 
precision marketing for sales, as well as cross-industry and 
cross-selling cooperation.
   Potential positive impact
• The need for zero-contact financial services has emerged 
in the post-pandemic era, and traditional financial 
institutions could combine technologies such as cloud 
computing, artificial intelligence and blockchains to 
accelerate rollout of financial products, reduce installation 
costs, and take advantage of business opportunities.
• Leverage intelligent technologies and social media to 
enhance marketing recommendations and services, in 
order to create differentiated services for digital finance, 
focus on specific market segments, and break through 
regional restrictions for financial services.
• Leverage big data to optimize and refine loan models to 
reduce manual operation and connect to data sources 
from different industries; and invest in emerging technology 
domains to seek out niche products and refine customer 
experiences.
   Preventive measures
• Solidify emerging payment 
operations, and continue to 
expand to diverse application 
domains to create financial 
services with higher levels of 
differentiation.
• Use existing clientèle to 
enhance digital penetration 
and improve contribution of 
digital products.
• The Group conducts value 
stream mapping for important 
operations from the top down 
through “Digital Transformation 
2.0 Consensus Camp” and 
“Strategic Team for Digital 
Development”, focusing on 
action plans for process 
optimization and cost reduction, 
with the aim of continuing to 
improve benefits and digital 
capacity.
Actively deploy digital 
services in keeping with 
digital trends in the 
post-pandemic era; 
create an integrated 
one-stop financial 
platform for various life 
domains; implement the 
integration of virtual and 
physical channels as 
well as banking as a 
service (BaaS)/banking 
as a platform (BaaP);
bring omni-channel 
value into full play; 
create best customer 
experiences; and 
improve competitiveness 
for digital transforma-
tion.
Digital innovation and inclusion
GRI industrial disclosure index for the financial services industry: Product portfolio
FS8: The monetary value of products and services designed to create environmental benefits by various business operations are categorized
      in accordance with their purposes
＊：Value stream refers to the 
process integration aimed at 
reducing costs and wasted time 
during the course of product 
manufacturing and service 
rendering in order to add value.
Impact Explanation
Action
Policies/
Commitment
Material
topics and
GRI specific
topics
Responsible Unit
Environmental Sustainability WG
Sustainable Financial Products and Services WG

35
KPI 1:
Signature rate of the "Declaration on 
Human Rights and Environmental 
Sustainability Clauses" of suppliers(%)
100
100
100
100%
KPI 2:
Amount of green
purchasing
≧NT$83.268 millions
Accumulate
NT$433.473 millions
≧NT$ 80 millions
Chosen as an
outstanding business
entity for green
purchasing
Continue to conduct operations pertaining
to Sustainable Procurement-Guidance
Performance Review certification
Chosen as an outstanding business
entity forgreen purchasing
in consecutive years
189%
100%
100%
KPI 3:
“ISO 20400 Sustainable 
Procurement-Guidance 
Performance Review” 
certification
KPI 4:
Green accolades
GRI 414-1: New suppliers that were screened using social criteria
GRI 414-2: Negative social impact within the supply chain and countermeasures
GRI disclosure index for the financial services industry: Product portfolio
FS2: The process of assessing and screening environmental and social risks for various business operations
Obtained the “ISO
20400 Sustainable
Procurement-
Guidance Performance
Review” certification
KPI 1: 
Accumulated number of 
bundled cards for mobile 
payment
900,000
By 2024
920,000
650,000
133%
KPI 2:
Usage rate of digital channels (%)
90
By 2028
93
88
145
By 2024
155
125
80,000
By 2024 
82,000
80,000
100%
116%
134%
KPI 3:
Accumulated number of cases 
of acquired fintech patents
KPI 4:
Number of application cases 
for online credit cards
75.5
By 2028
77.7
75
116%
KPI 5:
Share of electronic securities 
transactions (%)
61.7
Up 2% annually from
the previous year
61.5
100%
KPI 6:
Share of electronic transac-
tions at securities investment 
trust enterprises (%)
1.5 ATMs
2. Vietnamese,
Indonesian,
Thai and Japanese interfaces
added to existing ATMs
5 ATMs per year
10 ATMs
490%
KPI 7:
ATMs with newly added or 
improved barrier-free access
2022 Goals
2023 Goals
Value Chain Stage
and Relations
Medium/Long-Term
Goals
(2024-2028)
KPI
Comple-
tion
Rate
Procurement/Suppliers
Front-end Financial
Services for Customers＊1
Financial Transactions＊2
Old Assets＊4
Value Chain Stage and
Relations Back-end Financial
Services for Customers＊3

36
Pay equal attention to 
corporate sustainable 
responsibilities for 
promoting community 
and cultural develop-
ment as well as a 
friendly environment; 
continue to push 
forward the four major 
corporate citizenship 
and philanthropy 
strategies of “social 
care”, “green care”, 
“sport competitions”, 
and “artistic cultural 
creation”.
Social impact
GRI 201-1: Direct economic value generated and distributed by the organization
GRI 203-1: Investment in infrastructure & development of and impact on support services
GRI industrial disclosure index for the financial services industry: Product portfolio
FS1: Related policies applicable to specific environments and social elements for various business operations
GRI industrial disclosure index for the financial services industry: Local communities
FS7: The monetary value of products and services designed to create social benefits by various business operations is categorized
      in accordance with their purposes
   Potential negative impact
• The global COVID-19 pandemic has raged on 
for several years, resulting in anemic 
economic activities while making it more 
difficult for underprivileged individuals and 
families to access resources. It takes well 
thought-out deliberations and planning to 
maximize limited resources available to the 
financial industry, combine them with the 
industry's core competencies, and get the nod 
from shareholders.
   Potential positive impact
• However, the pandemic boosts digital 
financial activities, brings business opportuni-
ties to online video technologies, and changes 
people's lifestyles. In addition to expanding 
diverse business opportunities, organizing 
charitable activities and working with 
customers in cross-sector alliances can also 
promote the philosophy of sustainable finance. 
Moreover, integrating core competencies to 
practice ESG and resolving social and 
environmental issues will improve the 
Company's image, gain business revenue, and 
improve the Company's business performance.
   Preventive measures
• Green care: Continue to organize 
green volunteer activities and the 
Green Light Sustainability Program.
• Social care: Continue to organize the 
Loving Volunteers and equal rights 
activities.
• Sport competitions: Continue to 
organize large sporting events and 
carry on the plan to cultivate seeds for 
table tennis.
• Artistic Cultural Creation: Continue to 
organize large concerts, musical 
performances, diverse art & cultural 
exhibitions, campus anti-narcotic 
education campaigns, and art & 
cultural creation contests.
Abide by regulations 
pertaining to labor 
and human rights; 
comply with the 
Universal Declaration 
of Human Rights, 
including gender 
equality rights, 
workers' rights and 
anti-discrimination 
rights; and formulate 
related management 
policies and 
procedures.
Human rights protection & gender equality
GRI 2-30: Collective bargaining
GRI 202-1: Ratios of standard entry level wage by gender compared to local minimum wage
GRI 202-2: Proportion of senior management hired from the local community
GRI 402-1: Minimum notice periods regarding operational changes
   Potential negative impact
• Failure to protect labor rights and promote 
gender equality will affect talent recruitment and 
retention. It may even impact the Company's 
business reputation and brand image and 
cause the Company to lose business.
   Potential negative impact
• Failure to provide a working environment 
promoting fair competition, and failure to 
facilitate communications and coordination 
between employees and employers, may 
trigger labor disputes or even confrontation. Or 
it could result in penalties for violation of 
regulations.
   Potential positive impact
• Organizing human rights education training 
pertaining to gender equality and prevention of 
sexual harassment, establishing an equal rights 
concept among employees, and guarding 
against discrimination or illegal encroachments 
could promote harmony between employees 
and employers and improve organizational 
performance.
• Incorporating human rights protection into the 
Company's policies and implementing these 
policies will not only help improve the 
Company's image and retention rate but also 
lower the turnover rate of new employees and 
talent training costs.
   Preventive measures 
• Comply with internationally recognized 
human rights standards such as 
“Universal Declaration of Human 
Rights”, “UN Global Compact”, and 
“UN Guiding Principles on Business 
and Human Rights”; formulate 
commitments pertaining to human 
rights; ensure that employees are 
entitled to internationally recognized 
labor and human rights; and provide a 
complaints mechanism while making 
sure that the process is equal and 
transparent.
• Examine the Group's own operations, 
its value chains and other related 
events through human rights due 
diligence and risk evaluation, as well 
as preventive and mitigating mecha-
nisms; formulate improvement plans 
and follow up on execution results.
   Management measures
• Participated in Bloomberg Gender 
Equality Index, (GEI) and won 
international recognition.
Impact Explanation
Action
Policies/
Commitment
Material
topics and
GRI specific
topics
Responsible Unit
Community Engagement WG
Employee Care WG
GRI 405-1: Diversity of governance
               bodies and employees
GRI 405-2: Ratio of basic salary and
               remuneration of women to men

37
KPI 1: 
The Green Light Sustainability 
Program helps far-flung primary 
schools and underprivileged 
groups to upgrade to LED lamps 
(number of households)
104%
FS8: The monetary value of products and services designed to create environmental benefits by various
      business operations is categorized in accordance with their purposes
GRI industrial disclosure index for the financial services industry: Local communities
FS14: Advocate the provision of better financial services and related measures for the underprivileged community
FS16: Advocate related measures to enhance financial knowledge on the part of various types of beneficiaries
SASB: FN-CB-240a.4
15
Accumulate 30 sessions
24
KPI 2: 
Sessions of green care events
129%
51 sessions
Accumulate 200 sessions
63 sessions
KPI 3: 
Sessions of social care events
126%
125 sessions
Accumulate 550 sessions
121 sessions
KPI 4: 
Sessions of sport competitions
300%
6 sessions
Accumulate 25 sessions
2 sessions
KPI 5: 
Sessions of art & cultural 
creation events
150%
28 sessions
Accumulate 10 concerts/
25 sessions of art &
cultural exhibition
24 sessions
KPI 1:
Reduced the occurrence of 
“illegal encroachments in the 
line of duty” (%)
100%
GRI 406-1: Incidents of discrimination and corrective actions taken by the organization
GRI 407-1: Locations of operations or suppliers likely to encounter risks associated with freedom of association
               and collective bargaining
GRI 410-1: Security personnel receiving training on human rights policies or procedures
≤0.25
≤0.25
≤0.25
KPI 2:
Risk of incidence for sexual 
harassment complaint cases 
(%)
KPI 4:
Proportion of personnel 
receiving training on sexual 
harassment prevention, 
gender equality and human 
rights protection (%)
KPI 3:
Percentage of women in 
related STEM positions (%)
(＊: STEM refers to science, 
technology, engineering and 
mathematics)
0
0.15
0.15
0.15
100%
100
100
100
≧35
≧50
≧50
≧60
≧50
Bank
Securities
≧35
≧50
≧50
≧57
≧50
104%
117%
113%
102%
143%
≧35
≧50
≧50
≧57
≧50
2022 Goals
2023 Goals
Value Chain Stage
and Relations
Medium/Long-Term
Goals
(2024-2028)
KPI
Comple-
tion
Rate
Procurement/Suppliers
Front-end Financial
Services for Customers＊1
Financial Transactions＊2
Old Assets＊4
Value Chain Stage and
Relations Back-end Financial
Services for Customers＊3
Securities
Investment Trust
Life Insurance
AMC
Bank
Securities
Securities
Investment Trust
Life Insurance
AMC
Bank
Securities
Securities
Investment Trust
Life Insurance
AMC
Bank
Securities
Securities
Investment Trust
Life Insurance
AMC

   Potential negative impact
• The retirement boom has led to high turnover rates, 
which could easily trigger organizational manpower 
gaps and manpower shortage.
• Due to digital technology development, automation 
has gradually replaced traditional manpower. Future 
manpower needs and changes in working styles 
have exacerbated turnover of financial/technology 
talents while increasing employment cost.
• If there is no fair, transparent, reasonable, and 
competitive compensation and benefit system, the 
Company may encounter talent loss.
   Realistic positive impact
• Establish comprehensive welfare measures and a 
competitive compensation system to retain key talent, 
reduce the gap in manpower caused by retirement 
waves, and build a solid foundation for sustainable 
development of the Company.
• Employees' willingness to stay with the Company 
could be increased if we understand their level of 
satisfaction about work and recognition of the 
Company through engagement surveys. We could 
further improve our operation and management 
system.
   Preventive measures
• Organize employee 
saving/employee stock 
ownership trust or group 
annuity insurance to increase 
their willingness to stay with 
the Company for the long haul.
• Provide subsidies for 
weddings, funerals, birthdays 
or allowances; continue to 
survey for benefit packages 
above and beyond regulatory 
requirements; and encourage 
childbirth.
• Promote a diverse and friendly 
working culture; provide a fair, 
reasonable and competitive 
working environment and 
remuneration policy.
Strive to construct a 
competitive remunera-
tion system and benefit 
packages with 
employees at the 
heart; build a diverse, 
inclusive and friendly 
working environment 
where colleagues 
respect one another; 
improve employee 
engagement; and 
make the Company 
more attractive for 
talented job-seekers 
and facilitate their 
retention.
   Potential negative impact
• Confronted with impact brought on by the pandemic, 
financial digital technologies continue to innovate while 
rules and regulations are rapidly changing. The financial 
industry keenly needs interdisciplinary talents from 
domains such as AI, digital technologies and sustainable 
development to join them. In the event that cultivation of 
professional talents and transformation fall short, the 
Company's sustainable management and profitability 
could be affected.
   Potential negative impact
• Professional talents at overseas branches have been 
poached by the competition, leading to high turnover 
rates. Loss of mid-level supervisors is detrimental to 
employee cultivation, business expansion and the relay 
of experiences.
   Realistic positive impact
• The pandemic has created a boom in digital services. 
Enhancing employees' digital thinking and learning 
capability is conducive to innovation and development 
for digital business models, as well as the realization of 
sustainable development blueprints.
• Rapid expansion of overseas locations provides 
employees with a stage for international career 
development, while drawing diverse and outstanding 
talents to come on board.
• Enhance the digital learning platform; aside from 
improving employees' professional capabilities, this 
could also help employees develop a second specialty 
and obtain professional certificates.
   Preventive measures
• Low birth rates, the retirement 
boom and digital technology 
developments have transformed 
financial service models. The 
Company's various subsidiaries 
have conducted strategic 
long-term manpower analysis and 
research, and discussed 
countermeasures for possible 
future manpower shortfalls and 
issues associated with recruiting 
talents required for sustainable 
development.
   Management measures
• Actively participate in campus 
recruitment expos to recruit 
outstanding talents from more 
channels.
• Help employees cultivate diverse 
skills; provide digital learning 
courses; and encourage 
autonomous and lifelong learning.
• Actively recruit outstanding talents 
proficient in foreign languages 
(English, Japanese and German) 
to complement the establishment 
of bi-lingual branches and 
overseas business expansion.
Recruit diverse talents in 
line with the Company's 
operational strategy and 
goal of sustainable 
development; provide 
holistic education 
training on ESG and 
sustainable finance; 
improve employees' job 
skills and regularly 
subject them to 
performance and career 
development reviews; 
enhance the diversity 
and inclusiveness of the 
labor force; actively 
engage with school 
campuses to provide 
internship programs and 
scholarships; and 
cultivate outstanding 
talents with potential.
Diverse recruitment & skill cultivation
GRI 2-7: Employees
GRI 2-8: Non-employee workers
GRI 202-2: Proportion of senior management hired from the local community
GRI 401-1: Newly hired employees & departed employees
GRI 404-1: Average hours of training per employee per year
Talent retention and friendly benefits
GRI 2-19: Remuneration Policy
GRI 201-3: Obligation to define benefit packages & other retirement plans
GRI 401-1: Newly hired employees & departed employees
38
Impact Explanation
Action
Policies/
Commitment
Material
topics and
GRI specific
topics
Responsible Unit
Employee Care WG
Employee Care WG
GRI 401-2: Benefits provided to full-time employees that
               are not provided to temporary or part-time
               employees

39
KPI 1:
Cultivate overseas trainees
Over 20 persons
Depending on overseas
sales development
requirements
20 persons
Each employee is
entitled to two days of
paid leave for artificial
insemination each year
Continuous
processing
58 days of “maternity leave”
and 8 days of “prenatal
checkup leave, spousal
prenatal checkup leave
and paternity leave”
150%
KPI 1:
Employee retention 
rate (%)
KPI 2:
Employee
engagement
survey (%)
KPI 3:
Maternity leave and 
paternity leave above 
and beyond regulatory 
requirements
KPI 4:
Job resumption rate 
after parental leave 
without pay (%)
KPI 2:
Share of employees taking 
English proficiency tests (%)
38
By 2025
40
37
106%
106%
≧80
≧80
≧80
121%
KPI 3:
Average hours of 
training received per 
person (hour)
KPI 4:
Average test score upon 
completion of training 
courses (point)
GRI 404-2: Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance programs
GRI 404-3: Percentage of employees receiving regular performance and career development reviews
GRI 405-1: Diversity of governance bodies and employees
GRI 401-3: Parental leave
GRI 404-2: Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance programs
SASB: FN-CF-270a.1
Bank
Securities
Life Insurance
AMC
42
51
50
51
15.5
164%
163%
102%
104%
118%
45
51.5
51
51
16
45 per year
By 2028 54.5
By 2028 53
By 2028 18
Bank
Securities
75
75.4
Bank
Securities
116%
131%
Bank
Securities
76
75.6
Bank
Securities
2025 77
2025 76
Bank
Securities
81
75.4
Bank
Securities
119%
109%
Bank
Securities
82
75.6
Bank
Securities
2025 85
2025 76
Commitment
survey
participation
rate:
Bank
Securities
Life Insurance
AMC
Consulting
81
65
80
72
77
88.5
92
90
90
82
96
100
108%
100%
109%
117%
102%
100%
115%
136%
101%
115%
101%
100%
92
90
90
82
97
100
81
65
80
73
79
88.5
92
90
90
85
97
100
81
65
80
77
79
88.7
KPI 5:
Proportion of employees 
participating in benefit 
savings & trust programs (%)
≧94
2024≧95
≧94
104%
2022 Goals
2023 Goals
Value Chain Stage
and Relations
Medium/Long-Term
Goals
(2024-2028)
KPI
Comple-
tion
Rate
Procurement/Suppliers
Front-end Financial
Services for Customers＊1
Financial Transactions＊2
Old Assets＊4
Value Chain Stage and
Relations Back-end Financial
Services for Customers＊3
Securities
Investment Trust
Bank
Securities
Life Insurance
AMC
Securities
Investment Trust
Bank
Securities
Life Insurance
AMC
Securities
Investment Trust
Bank
Securities
Life Insurance
AMC
Securities
Investment Trust
52 per
year
Securities
Investment Trust
Bank
Securities
Life Insurance
AMC
Consulting
Securities
Investment Trust
Bank
Securities
Life Insurance
AMC
Consulting
Securities
Investment Trust
Bank
Securities
Life Insurance
AMC
Consulting
Securities
Investment Trust
Overall 
satisfac-
tion
rate:
Overall 
satisfac-
tion
rate:
Overall 
satisfac-
tion
rate:
Overall 
satisfac-
tion
rate:
Commitment
survey
participation
rate:
Commitment
survey
participation
rate:
Commitment
survey
participation
rate:

40
A healthy workforce 
is key to sustainable 
corporate develop-
ment; create a safe 
working environ-
ment; maintain 
employees' physical 
and mental health; 
and elevate a 
healthy workforce.
Occupational safety and health
GRI 403-1: Occupational health & safety management system
GRI 403-2: Hazard identification, risk evaluation and disaster event investigation
GRI 403-3: Occupational health service
GRI 403-4: Participation, consultation and communications on the part of workers concerning occupational health and safety
GRI 403-5: Training for workers concerning occupational safety
   Preventive measures
• Draft preventive plans and mitigating 
measures based on the health risks 
that need to be managed, as 
identified in the employee health risk 
heat map, with the aim of reducing 
occupational hazards and incidence 
of health hazards.
   Mitigating measures
• Continue to implement the "Maternal 
Employee Health Protection Plan," 
"Human-Factor Hazard Prevention 
Plan," and "Abnormal Workload-Trig-
gered Diseases Prevention Plan."
   Management measures
• Continue to refine the “ISO 45001 
Safety and Health Management 
System” and maintain the validity of 
the certificate; and create a safe and 
healthy working environment.
Employee Care WG
Impact Explanation
Action
Policies/
Commitment
Material
topics and
GRI specific
topics
Responsible Unit
   Potential negative impact
• In the event of increased incidence of hazard-
ous events pertaining to safety and health at the 
workplace, the Company's image could be 
affected. Uncertainty over safety and health at 
the work place could erode employees' trust in 
the Company. Elevated employee absence 
rates affect employee production output while 
increasing HR costs and expenditures.
• Laws and regulations are becoming increasing-
ly stringent. If the company fails to comply with 
laws and regulations, it will be at risk of being 
punished and having the company's image 
affected.
   Potential positive impact
• Continue to promote education training on 
occupational health and safety and health 
management through identification of 
workplace hazards; create a healthy, safe and 
happy workplace; and elevate the overall 
business performance.
• We could solve employees' work, family and 
health issues by paying close attention to 
different working styles and a diverse group's 
mental and physical needs, as well as by 
adopting various preventive measures. If we do 
so, employees could have peace of mind at 
work, and we could also improve organizational 
performance.

41
KPI 1:
 Absence rate (%)
GRI 403-6: Promotion of workers' health
GRI 403-8: Workers covered by the occupational health and safety management systems
GRI 403-9: Occupational injuries
GRI 403-10: Work-related diseases
KPI 2:
Obtained Healthy 
Workplace Certifica-
tion-Location of 
Operations
100%
Maintain the
validity of
the certification
Continuous
processing
All of the Bank's
domestic branches
have obtained
certification and
maintained its validity
KPI 3:
Protection rate under the 
“Abnormal Workload-Trig-
gered Diseases Prevention 
Plan” (%)
100%
100
100
100
KPI 4:
Protection rate under the 
“Maternal Employee Health 
Protection Plan” (%)
112%
≧82
By 2024 
≧82
≧82
KPI 5:
Rate of clinical visits by 
employees diagnosed with 
major abnormalities in their 
physical examination reports 
(%)
105%
≧75
By 2026 
≧80
≧70
Bank
Securities
Life Insurance
AMC
Absenteeism rate
≦1
≦1
≦1
≦1.9
≦0.98
Actual absenteeism rate
0.57
0.86
1.48
1.87
0.59
<0.8
<1
<1
<1.9
<0.98
2024 <0.8
2024 <0.95
2026 <1
2024 <1.8
By 2028<0.87
＊1：Product marketing and sales                                        ＊2： Loans and investments
＊3：Digital financial services and backstage operations         ＊4： Replaced old machinery and equipment, waste disposal, and resource recycling
 ●：Direct impact  ○：Leading to impact (indirect impact)       ◎：Impact on business relations
2022 Goals
2023 Goals
Value Chain Stage
and Relations
Medium/Long-Term
Goals
(2024-2028)
KPI
Comple-
tion
Rate
Procurement/Suppliers
Front-end Financial
Services for Customers＊1
Financial Transactions＊2
Old Assets＊4
Value Chain Stage and
Relations Back-end Financial
Services for Customers＊3
Securities
Investment Trust
Bank
Securities
Life Insurance
AMC
Securities
Investment Trust
Bank
Securities
Life Insurance
AMC
Securities
Investment Trust
Bank
Securities
Life Insurance
AMC
Securities
Investment Trust
Absenteeism rate
Absenteeism rate
Remarks :

GOVERNANCE
FACTORS
Business Performance
GRI：2-6、2-28、201-1
1-1 Basic Information and Operating Overview
●○ Shareholder Structure
●○ Background of First Financial Holding Co., Ltd.
Establishment Date
Head office address
January 2, 2003
NT$132.234 billion
NT$4,157.196 billion
Taiwan (No. 30, Section 1, Chongqing South Road, Zhongzheng
District, Taipei City)
Financial sector businesses including banking, securities, credit 
investment, life insurance, financial asset management, venture 
capital, management consulting, investment consulting, and leasing
10,095
Financial services
TWSE: 2892
＊：Information as of April 18, 2023. The number of common stock in circulation is 13,223,442,269 shares (special
shares have not been issued).
Government
institutions
Financial
institutions
Government
funds and public
institutions
Foreign
institutions
and individuals
Other
institutional
investors
Individuals
11.49%
16.01%
3.13%
24.19%
9.83%
35.35%
42
Number of employees
Business category
Stock code
Paid-in capital
Assets
Subsidiaries
In 2022, the Bank led the industry for 13 consecutive years in "small and medium enterprise 
(SME) lending" while the securities firm was selected for 2 consecutive years by the Taiwan 
Stock Exchange as an "Excellent Securities Firm in Disclosure of Due Diligence and Gover-
nance Information for Institutional Investors" and counseled the public listing of Starlux 
Airlines. The credit investment business obtained acting quota of the pension fund for 2 
consecutive years. Additionally, the scale of self-owned investment capital of the life 
insurance business has achieved NT$66 billion, a 12.82% growth compared to 2021; the 
management consulting business has coordinated with the government's 
energy transition policy through actively raising a green energy fund; in 
terms of digital transformations, the Bank's iLeo is now the 5th largest owner 
of digital accounts in the market while the securities, credit 
investment, and life insurance businesses are actively 
strengthening electronic transaction platforms by introduc-
ing RPA to boost performance as well as continue with the 
promotion of online insurance businesses; in 
terms of business innovation, the 
Bank's green financing and 
sustainable 
bonds 
have 
exhibited 
continuous 
growth while the credit 
investment 
business 
has raised new funds 
such 
as 
the 
core 
strategic construction 
and satellite ETF funds.

43
In terms of financial performance, profits by the Group and bank subsidiary have achieved new record highs; other subsidiar-
ies excluding the bank maintained existing operating resilience despite impact from adverse markets. In addition to financial 
performance, First Financial Holding (FFHC) upholds the operating principle of "governance rooted in integrity for a sustain-
able future" by dedicating efforts into the aspects of responsible governance, environmental management, a happy 
workplace, and social inclusion. Aside from being selected for consecutive years into the Dow Jones Sustainability Index's 
(DJSI) "Global Index" and as a constituent stock in FTSE4Good Emerging Index, FFHC is the only domestic company from the 
financial sector that has achieved the Leadership Level for the CDP climate change questionnaire for 5 straight years. We strive 
to maintain and uphold the value of the "First Brand in Sustainable Finance". In terms of sustainability and net zero, the Compa-
ny was selected by the Financial Supervisory Commission into the "Coalition of Movers and Shakers on Sustainable Finance" 
as well as winning "11th Elite Awards - Best ESG Award - 2nd" while the Bank won 6 major awards including the "Taiwan Corpo-
rate Sustainability Award". The Company signed on to PCAF and SBTi in 2022 in a gradual realization of First Financial Group's 
medium- and long-term decarbonization targets.
1-2 Total number of business sites worldwide
With the head office of operations in Taiwan, First Financial Group has 223 operating locations and 540 automated teller 
machines (ATM) across the island in both urban and rural regions (including remote areas such as Nantou, Pingtung, Hualien, 
Taitung, and Penghu). Overseas operating locations span North America, Asia, Europe, and Oceania; one subsidiary, First 
Bank, has established 19 operating locations in New Southbound Countries (including in least developed countries such as 
Myanmar, Cambodia, and Laos). A branch opened in Frankfurt, Germany during January 2023, making it the first German 
branch of a national bank from Taiwan.
・46 overseas offices now 
encompass Europe, Asia, North 
America, and Oceania
・First Bank has remained the 
number one bank in Taiwan in 
SME lending for 13 years in a 
row
・Securities counseled Starlux 
Airlines for public listing and 
trading as an emerging stock
・For 2 consecutive years, the 
securities business was entrusted 
by the Bureau of Labor Funds 
to operate domestic business 
by applying both the new and 
old pension systems
・The Bank’s iLeo account 
becomes the fifth largest 
digital account in the market
・Number 1 public bank in 
"number of linked digital 5X 
stimulus vouchers"
・Securities promotes online 
account opening app and 
strengthens electronic trading 
platform
・Credit investment introduces 
RPA to strengthen the 
efficiency of anti-money 
laundering operations
・Life Insurance promotes 
online insurance business
・Continued growth in 
the Bank's green 
financing and 
sustainable bonds
・Credit investment 
raises "FFHC Taiwan 
Core Strategic 
Construction Fund" 
and "FFHC Satellite 
ETF Securities 
Investment Trust 
Fund"
・Selected by the Financial 
Supervisory Commission as the only 
public financial institution in the 
"Coalition of Movers and Shakers 
on Sustainable Finance"
・Won 6 major awards including the 
"11th Elite Awards - Best ESG 
Award - 2nd" and "Taiwan 
Corporate Sustainability Award"
・Joined the Partnership for Carbon 
Accounting Financials (PCAF) and 
Science Based Targets initiative
●○ Our Group's overseas presence
Region
Current sites
Bank: Los Angeles branch, New York branch, Houston branch Vancouver branch, and Toronto Branch; First 
Commercial Bank (U.S.A.) branch and its 8 sub-branches including the Alhambra Branch, City of Industry 
Branch, Silicon Valley Branch, Irvine Branch, Arcadia Branch, Fremont Branch , Chino Hills Branch and 
San Mateo Branch 
Bank: Singapore Branch, Ho Chi Minh City Branch, Hanoi City Branch, Vientiane Branch (Laos), Manila Branch 
(Philippines),Phnom Penh Branch and its Chorm Chaov Sub-branch, Olympic Sub-branch, Chamkar Mon 
Sub-Branch, Tuol Kouk Sub-Branch, Mean Chey Sub-Branch, Chraoy Chongvar Sub-Branch, Siem Reap 
Sub-Branch, Phsar Derm Thkov Sub-Branch, Sen Sok Sub-Branch Bangkok Representative Office, Yangon 
Representative Office, and Jakarta Representative Office 
Bank: Hong Kong Branch, Macao Branch, Shanghai Branch, Shanghai Pilot FTZ Sub-branch, Chengdu Branch, 
Xiamen Branch
Securities: First Worldsec (Hong Kong)
Leasing: FCB Lease (Chengdu), FCB International Leasing (Suzhou), FCB Lease (Xiamen)
Bank: Tokyo Branch
Bank: London Branch, Frankfurt branch
Bank: Guam Branch, Brisbane Branch
America
Asia
Europe
Oceania
China/
Hong Kong/
Macao
Southeast
Asia
Northeast 
Asia
13
6
3
1
18
1
2
2
Total
Overseas Locations
46
Features
New Products
Sustainability and net zero
For more information on
First Bank's domestic and overseas branches,
please refer to the Bank's website
Digital Transformation

1-3 Financial performance
Item 
Year 
2022
4,157,195,982
3,933,073,412
224,122,570
67,756,394
24,486,604
20,595,663
0.52
9.18
1.56
30.40
17,818,913
4,757,872
96,383
0.8
0.3
Total Assets
Total liabilities
Shareholders' equity
Net revenue
Pre-tax profit
Profit or loss after tax
Return On Assets (%)
Earnings per share (NTD)
Profit ratio (%)
Income tax expense
Investment in social welfare
Cash dividends per share (NTD)
Dividends per share (NTD)
Employee welfare expenses
(including salary expenses)
＊1：Earnings per share without retroactive adjustment.
＊2：Grandson companies not included in the consolidated financial company include First Financial AMC B.V.I., and FCB Leasing B.V.I.
Unit: Thousands
Operating
ability
Profitability
Economic value
distributed
3,739,593,907
3,515,047,049
224,546,858
62,604,429
23,433,444
19,739,045
0.55
8.86
1.52
31.53
17,331,619
3,154,083
84,230
1.0
0.2
2021
3,550,503,691
3,329,296,822
221,206,869
59,568,228
19,619,728
16,807,541
0.50
7.62
1.31
28.22
16,131,065
2,709,087
79,850
0.9
0.1
2020
3,206,767,075
2,987,034,568
219,732,507
62,317,874
23,308,556
19,368,751
0.63
9.11
1.55
31.08
15,550,872
2,386,045
92,580
1.05
0.3
2019
Financing (Project financing)
0.30%
44
Return on Equity (%)
 Investing
(Investment Holdings/Multi-sector Holdings)
Net revenue
by business
category
Advisory
(Investing & Stewardship)
3.00%
Financing
(Commercial Banking 
(consumer))
26.88%
Financing
(Commercial Banking (corporate) 
and Investment Banking)
66.46%
Investing & Stewardship
(Asset Management & 
Custody Activities)
3.25%
0.11%

45
1-5 Participation in local and overseas organizations
The Company and subsidiaries have joined a variety of different associations of the financial industry and actively taken part 
in affairs to promote the sound development of the financial industry as a whole. To achieve sustainable corporate develop-
ment, the Company also joined corporate sustainability/social responsibility organizations to obtain new knowledge on 
international corporate governance development, promote and implement the concept of sustainable development, and 
advocate and promote environmental protection and energy resource management. FFHC and its subsidiaries spent a total 
of NT$260.65 million on industry connections and development as well as ESG-related organizations/ associations in 2022, and 
donated NT$232.62 million to the Small and Medium Enterprise Credit Guarantee Fund of Taiwan.
• Bankers Association of the Republic of China
• The Bankers Association of Taipei
• Trust Association of R.O.C.
• Taiwan Securities Association
• Chinese National Futures Association
• R.O.C. Bills Finance Association
• The Life Insurance Association of the Republic of China
• Taiwan Venture Capital Association
• National Association of Small & Medium Enterprises, R.O.C.
• Small and Medium Enterprise Credit Guarantee Fund (SMEG)
• Agricultural Credit Guarantee Fund
• Overseas Credit Guarantee Fund
Industry connections and development
• Asian Corporate Governance Association:(ACGA)
• Accounting Research and Development Foundation
• First Bank Culture & Education Foundation
ESG-related institutions/associations
The Company’s Chairman serves as the executive director of The Bankers Association of the Republic of China, the director of 
the Bankers Association of Taipei, and the Chairman of the Trust Association of R.O.C.; The Chairman of subsidiary First Securi-
ties also serves as the Director of Taiwan Securities Association.
The Company became a premium member of the Asian Corporate Governance Association (ACGA) in 2018 to obtain new 
knowledge on international corporate governance development and continued to make donations to the Center for Corporate 
Sustainability. The Chairman serves an advising director and is actively involved in helping the Center with promoting 
corporate sustainability education and hosting international forums. FFHC also made donations for the establishment of the 
First Bank Culture & Education Foundation which actively supports art and culture education and charitable causes with the aim 
of improving the quality of life of citizens and promoting social harmony.
＊：Credit rating definitions can be found at the Moody's (https://www.moodys.com), S&P (http://www.standardandpoors.com) and Taiwan Ratings 
(http://www.taiwanratings.com) websites.
1-4 Credit rating
According to the credit ratings issued by credit rating agencies such as Taiwan Ratings, S&P and Moody's for 2022, our Group 
enjoys a strong competitive advantage in the financial industry and is a model of sound corporate governance. In the financial 
market, we have demonstrated very solid corporate values, a distributed customer base along with sound financial structure, 
risk control and excellent asset quality. The results from the long and short-term credit ratings as well as future outlook are 
shown right:
Credit Rating
Agencies
FFHC
Short-term
Taiwan Ratings
S & P
Moody’s
Long-term
Outlook
Rating date
twA-1+
A-2
--
twAA-
BBB
A2
Stable
Stable
Stable
2022.10.25
2022.10.25
2022.03.04
• Securities Investment Trust and Consulting Association of the R.O.C.
• Taiwan Institute for Sustainable Energy - Center for Corporate
   Sustainability

46
Risk management and continuous operation
GRI：2-27、205-1、FS1、FS2
Our company has established internal controls in accordance with the 
"Implementation Rules of Internal Audit and Internal Control System of Finan-
cial Holding Companies and Banking Industries". The system covers all 
business activities and require joint compliance by the Board of Directors, 
management, and all employees.
The Board of Directors shall be aware of the operational risks faced by the 
company or business, supervise its operating results and bears the ultimate 
responsibility for ensuring the establishment and maintenance of appropri-
ate and effective internal control system.
 
To improve the internal control system and strengthen the Company's 
controls, we established three lines model in internal controls and clarified 
the roles and scope of duties of the three lines model to ensure the organiza-
tion structure meets the principles of the three lines model and their effective 
operations.
2-1 First line roles – Internal inspection by Business unit
Business units are responsible for identifying, evaluating, controlling, and 
reducing risks derived from business activities based on their respective 
functions and scope of businesses. We established internal control proce-
dures and execute risk management procedures to ensure that the execution 
of business operations meet the business policies and goals. We also 
organize self-inspection and self-assessments for internal controls and imme-
diately propose improvement plans when processes and control procedures 
prove to be inadequate. According to the Company's 2021 "Legal Compli-
ance Risk Assessment Report" submitted, reviewed, and ratified by the Board 
of Directors in June 2022, corruption risk assessments have been conducted 
for all of the Group's domestic and overseas operations. Of these, conflicts 
of interest and the personal activities of employees have been assessed as 
medium to high risk; internal regulations to manage banking, securities, 
credit investment, and insurance subsidiaries have been established across 
all levels to reduce the occurrence of corruption risks.
2-2 Second line roles - Sound compliance and risk
       management system
The second line roles include the Risk Management, Compliance, and other 
units with related tasks (e.g. financial control, human resources, and legal 
affairs) which are responsible for formulating overall risk management 
policies for main risks, supervising overall risk-bearing capacity and current 
status of risks already incurred, and reporting the risk management status to 
the Board of Directors or senior management.

47
1. Compliance system
FFHC, First Bank, First Securities, First Securities Investment Trust and First Life Insurance have all established dedicated compli-
ance units reporting to the president in accordance of the law. Other subsidiaries also appointed the Chief Compliance 
Officers at their head offices. The Chief Compliance Officers are responsible for the planning, management and execution of 
the regulatory compliance system at their respective companies. FFHC is continuing to require all subsidiaries to enforce their 
compliance systems. Related developments in 2022 are as follow:
Implementation plan
• The Company's annual compliance plans for 2022 were submitted to the Audit Committee and Board of 
Directors for review and passage before implementation. The subsidiaries reported the plans to the Board 
of Directors for review and passage before implementation. The subsidiaries reported the plans to the 
Chief Compliance Officer of the head office.
• The Company reports the implementation of the regulatory compliance system by each subsidiary to the Risk 
Management Committee bimonthly and to the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors semi-annually.
• Based on the results of compliance risk assessment of each subsidiary and the methodology of Group 
consistency, every year, the Company compiles the Group’s compliance risk assessment report to report to 
the board of directors.
• The legal compliance operations of the Company's departments in 2022 were submitted to the President 
for approval and the discrepancies in compliance matters were submitted to the supervisors of each 
department and the Human Resources Department as the basis for personnel evaluations.
• The results of the compliance system performance evaluation of subsidiaries in 2022 were reviewed by the 
Company's Board of Directors and sent to the subsidiary companies for reporting to the Board of Directors. 
They shall be used as the basis for personnel evaluations.
Implementation Results
The Company provides a list of changes in external regulations to related departments and manages each 
department to comply with changes in external laws and regulations twice every month to ensure that all 
operations of the Company meet regulatory requirements.
Each company shall conduct compliance training and self-assessment operations at least once every six 
months. The companies organized a total of 746.2 hours of regulatory compliance education and training 
courses in 2022. A total of 35,200 people participated in the training.
• FFHC organized 4 sessions of the "Group Chief Compliance Officers Meeting" for subsidiaries to report the 
implementation status of the legal compliance system, discuss important issues, or request the cooperation 
of the subsidiaries.
• We visited First Securities, First Securities Investment Trust, and First Life Insurance and the subsidiaries 
report on important issues of the year. The Company conducted inspections to ensure the effective 
implementation of compliance mechanisms, provided recommendations on improvements, and improved 
communications with subsidiaries.
In order to internalize the principle of fair customer treatment into the corporate culture of the Group, the 
Company continues to supervise the bank, securities, investment trust and life insurance subsidiaries to 
comply with the policies of the competent authorities, and promote the fair customer treatment improvement 
measures, so as to protect the rights and interests of customers and enhance service quality. In 2022, the 
Financial Supervisory Commission announced the 2021 assessment results, and First Bank ranked in the top 
25% of the banks industry.
There were a total of 2 cases relating to major penalties imposed by the competent authority to the Company and its subsidiar-
ies in 2022 (note) for penalties amounting to NT$480,000.
• In 2021, the Financial Examination Bureau of the Financial Supervisory Commission discovered deficiencies related to the 
violation of information security management guidelines of securities firms when investigating First Securities. Penalties of 
NT$480,000 and orders to rectify the issue were imposed on the company on June 29, 2022; the company's own capital 
adequacy ratio equivalent to the amount of operational risk was increased by 0.5 times until the information security deficien-
cy was improved.
• After review, the Financial Supervisory Commission determined that the declared interest calculation formula and interest rate 
determination of the insurance product "First Life Insurance Variable US Dollar Interest Rate Lifetime Insurance" was in 
violation of the Insurance Act; therefore, a cease to all sales of the aforementioned product was ordered on August 18, 2022.
Penalties Imposed on the Company and its subsidiaries by the competent authority and improvement
measures taken in 2022
＊：• The disclosure of penalties relating to cases of major violations must comply with Article 36, Paragraph 3, Item 2 of the 
Securities Exchange Act if there is a possible of material impact to the rights and interests of shareholders or the price of 
securities or if it complies with Article 2 of the "The Financial Supervisory Commission's Measures for the Public Announcement 
in Major Penalty Violations of Financial Laws".
       • First Securities and First Life Insurance each had 1 case. For detailed information and improvements, please refer to pages 
114~115 of the Company's annual report
Supervision and 
management of the 
Board of Directors 
and the Audit 
Committee
Regulatory change 
management
Compliance training 
and self-assessment 
operations
Compliance 
performance 
evaluation
Compliance 
coordination and 
communication and 
onsite visits
Establishment of fair 
customer treatment 
in the Group

48
2. Risk management
(1) Risk management policy and structure
To effectively manage the Group's operating risk, our company and subsidiaries have defined risk management policies and 
guidelines. Independent "Risk Management Committees" have also been established to regularly(convened every 2 months) 
supervise the different types of risks within the Group, review each risk limit, set risk monitoring indicators and report the results 
of risk assessments to the Board. This is expected to keep the potential risks from each business within an acceptance range 
and achieve the ultimate goal of balancing risk vs. return.
The Company included emerging risks (e.g., information security risks, climate change risks and personal information protec-
tion risks) as part of the risk assessment items of the Company and subsidiaries in the "Risk Management Policy and Guiding 
Principles for FFHC and its Subsidiaries" to strengthen the connections between corporate governance and risk management. 
The Company also established the "Emerging Risk Management Guidelines". In 2022, each subsidiary had also incorporated 
emerging risks including climate change risks into its risk management policies. The companies shall evaluate emerging risks 
that may impact the Company’s future operations and related mitigation measures must also be studied and planned to 
establish group-level emerging risk items and management mechanisms. In accordance with the requirements of the compe-
tent authorities or changes in the economic environment, the Company has also added and revised various risk management 
policies and monitoring indicators in a timely manner.
In 2022, revisions were implemented for rules relating to "Credit and Transaction Rules of First Financial Holding Co., Ltd. and 
Subsidiaries with Stakeholders", "Guideline for Maximum Risk Limits of First Financial Group's Credit and Investments for the 
Same Person, Related Persons, and Group or Enterprise", and "Guideline for Maximum Risk Limits of Subsidiaries Credit and 
Investments for the Same Person, Related Persons, and Group or Enterprise".
First Bank, First Securities, First Securities Investment Trust and First Life Insurance have all set up a "Risk Management Commit-
tee". Dedicated risk management units are also tasked with monitoring and reporting routine business risks. The remaining 
subsidiaries have also set up risk management teams or dedicated risk managers based on the nature of their business and 
their organizational scale to oversee all matters related to risk management.
Risk Management Division
President
Risk Management
Committee
(convened every 2 months)
Credit risk
Market risk
Liquidity risk
Insurance risk
Interest rate risk
Operating risk
Emerging risk
Risk policy development
Risk identification
Risk measurement
Risk monitoring
Risk reporting
Risk Management Division
Board of Directors, Chairman
President
Risk Management
Committee
(convened every 2 months)
First Bank: Risk Management Committee
First Securities: Risk Management Committee
First Securities Investment Trust:
Risk Management Committee
First Life Insurance:
Risk Management Committee
Other subsidiaries: Risk Management Units
Monitors risk
management
implementation at
each subsidiary
Establishment of risk
management commit-
tees and units based on 
the type/size of each 
subsidiary
In attendance
Chief Auditor
Board of Directors, Chairman

49
By calculating individual cases of risk assets (with offset effects) with the risk asset calculation tool, managers and 
assistant managers within business departments can utilize the "Integrated Risk Management Platform" (IRM) to view 
branch office reports of customer capital, thereby understanding the changes in return on capital and risk offsets of 
customers in branch offices to analyze and plan measures that can increase return on capital.
2022
254,727,880
42,242,420
296,970,300
2,021,903,672
91,211,640
45,377,633
2,158,492,945
13.76%
10.09%
11.80%
4,254,256,403
5.99%
Type 1 capital
Type 2 capital
Total own capital
Credit risk
Operating risk
Market risk
Total risk-weighted assets
Capital adequacy ratio
Ordinary share equity ratio
Type 1 capital ratio
Total exposure
Leverage
Unit: NT$1,000
Own capital
Risk-weighted
assets
233,555,056
    32,314,734
     265,869,790
1,749,220,362
85,560,707
36,178,430
1,870,959,499
14.21%
10.88%
12.48%
3,816,840,554
6.12%
2021
216,352,755
36,594,415
252,947,170
1,737,304,576
84,682,521
33,433,459
1,855,420,556
13.63%
10.58%
11.66%
3,638,240,446
5.95%
2020
●○ Subsidiary First Bank capital adequacy ratio
(2) Risk management enhancement measures
A. System upgrade
• The application of risk offsetting tools and moderate adjustments to credit rate pricing balances both income and risks 
to increase the overall efficiency of capital use.
• Considering that SME construction companies and customers without sound financials may risk higher operating risks, 
real estate credit projects should be carefully assessed to select the best cases while considering the issue of concen-
tration.
• Relevant rules have been established to effectively manage credit risks undertaken by the Bank and customers when 
trading derivative financial products.
• Due to the fact that the credit rating of corporate finance customers is core to the application of the Bank's risk assess-
ment and credit processes, supervisory departments must carefully and assuredly handle credit rating operations to 
avoid material impact.
• In order to implement internal control systems to prevent the occurrence of incidents with significant operational risks, 
managerial personnel in all departments must earnestly assume the responsibilities of internal supervision and 
manage branch offices to prevent incidents of violation.
B. Main risks - credit risks, market risks, interest rate risks, liquidity risks, insurance risks, operational risks, and emerging risks.

50
(3) Establishment of corporate risk culture
To strengthen the Group's risk management mechanisms and create a risk-based corporate culture, the Company organizes 
risk management seminars from time to time and invites subsidiaries to discuss recent changes in the finance industry to 
evaluate and adjust the risk monitoring indicators and frequency. We also established the online e-Academy to create system-
atic risk awareness so that every employee of FFHC understands the Company's risk culture and core ideas. The Company 
provides risk management training for all promoted employees. In 2022, 733 participants completed physical training and 
online training for risk management courses and tests. We provided additional training and tests for those that failed to pass 
the test till we reached 100% in test passage ratio.
Additionally, the growing diversity and complexity of financial products and service models has led to transaction disputes and 
incidents of financial crimes. In order to fully understand domestic and overseas regulations to avoid a regulatory gap, the 
"Governance Forum (Phase 1) - Anti-Money Laundering and Fair Treatment of Customers" was organized in 2022 and attended 
by a total of 65 directors and supervisors from within the Group.
02
Risk identification
Companies perform 
emerging risk 
assessment and 
identification 
01
Every new employee 
receives a basic risk 
management course to 
learn about the Group's 
risk management 
strategies and the risk 
control indicators for 
each business.
Training for new
employees
The Company appoints 
external consultants or 
uses online systems to 
provide training 
programs such as the 
Equator Principles for risk 
management personnel 
to improve and enhance 
their risk management 
knowledge and skills for 
the sustainable and 
stable development of 
the Group.
Professional business 
raining
The Group has created 
smooth promotion 
channels for each 
employee to be part of a 
risk-oriented corporate 
culture after business 
training and evaluations. 
Employees who are 
promoted to supervisors 
also understand the key 
risk management items 
for different businesses.
Mid-level management
training
The human resource 
system is used to 
arrange risk manage-
ment seminars or 
appoint external 
consultants to provide 
training courses to meet 
risks and challenges, so 
that employees can lead 
teams and achieve 
stable growth in the 
future.
Senior management
training
Identification procedures for
the Group's emerging risks
(4) Emerging risks
Risk compilation
Compile a list of the 
emerging operation 
and business risks 
identified by the 
companies of the 
Group to establish a 
list of emerging risks 
for the Group

• Risk indicators (includes asset quality, customer complaints, regulatory compliance, and major incidents of internal 
control) are included in the standards for the distribution of performance bonuses for the President, senior manage-
ment, and employees, and they affect the amount of the annual performance bonus.
• The performance evaluation items of the risk management unit include risk management indicators such as the 
capital adequacy ratio and leverage ratio, return on capital, and non-performing loan ratio control target achieve-
ment rates, employee training, and innovative measures. The evaluation results shall be used as an important 
reference for determining the performance bonus for the evaluated department.
• The Bank organizes return on capital contests including net profits from return on capital before withdrawal, 
increase in operating gross profit from return on capital before withdrawal, and increase in capital allowances as 
bonus items in the performance evaluation of business units.
• We continue to follow up on review opinions of internal audit units, accountants, and business administration units or 
deficiencies proposed by internal audit units, and matters requiring improvement listed in the internal control system 
statement. Improvements are submitted in writing to the Board of Directors and Audit Committee and used as an 
important item for penalties and rewards and performance evaluations of related units.
• The results of the compliance evaluation of the departments and subsidiaries are used as the basis for personnel 
evaluations.
Connection between Risks and Performance
• Establish internal personnel risk reporting 
mechanisms through the Rules for the Regulato-
ry Compliance System, Rules for the Regulatory 
Compliance System, Implementation Rules for 
the Internal Audit System, FFHC Incident 
Reporting Guidelines, and related regulations.
• A range of transparent, equal and convenient 
complaints channels have been established 
including the "President's Mailbox", "Ideas 
Mailbox", "Employee Support Hotline", "CEO 
Weekly", and "Good Articles" as well as public 
forums on the company intranet to ensure 
complaints are handled properly.
Risk Reporting measures
• The Company organizes risk management seminars 
from time to time and invites subsidiaries to discuss 
recent changes in the finance industry to evaluate and 
adjust the risk monitoring indicators and frequency.
• We established the employee proposal system to 
encourage employees to actively identify and report 
potential risks.
• We publish the risk management newsletter each 
month and use the "Risk Management Report", "Special 
Report", and "Risk Management Terminology" to 
enhance the risk awareness of all employees and 
increase their professional knowledge and skills.
• Organize relevant education and training for emerging 
risks (such as information security risks, climate change 
risks and personal information protection risks) to 
improve risk resilience.
Enhancement of the Risk Culture
●○ Establishment of Risk Management Culture Measures
51
Response to risks
Establish mitigation 
measures for identified 
emerging risks of the 
Group to reduce the 
impact on operations or 
business
03
04
Continuous tracking
Regularly follow up 
on the implementa-
tion status of 
mitigation measures 
and review the 
results

52
The Group's identification of emerging risks resulted in "reorganization of the global industry supply chain" and "talent loss due 
to aging population and low birth rate". The following mitigation measures have been adopted against potential impact from 
these risks:
     Reorganization of the global industry supply chain
There have been many recent changes in global 
trade and geopolitics (e.g.: U.S.-China Trade War, 
COVID-19, the Russia-Ukraine War). Consumer 
markets have transitioned towards customized 
products with low production volume while net zero 
remains a key global issue that has increased the 
risk of industry supply chains. National security and 
securing industry supply chains have become a 
priority policy for many nations, resulting in a decon-
struction and reorganization of the global supply 
chain. This has impacted the cost of operations, 
production, and the flow of investments and financ-
ing and exposed enterprises to financial risk.
     Aging population, low birth rate, and talent loss
It's estimated that Taiwan will become a "super-aged 
country" by 2025 due to the long-term trend of the 
country's declining population in recent years. The 
effect of low birth rates will cause a drastic reduction 
in technical labor and talent; the future for technical, 
professional financial talent will be even rarer. Faced 
with talent recruitment challenges and imbalance of 
supply and demand in the employment environment, 
competition for talent in the financial sector will 
intensify. As such, the financial sector must implement 
adjustments to talent cultivation policies to address 
an aging population with low birth rates.
• Governments of many nations are addressing the issue of 
national security through the trend of global supply chain 
restructuring and reinforcing domestic supply chains. This has 
resulted in policies with investment incentives to urge reinvest-
ment by manufacturers, yet overseas manufacturing strategy is 
heavily influenced by customers. If manufacturers are unable to 
respond to the demand of trade partners, it may cause a 
domino effect and the loss of orders. The transfer of financing 
demand from overseas to local financial institutions (or if local 
governments impose regulations restricting or prohibiting 
foreign debt) may cause a decrease and impact the financing 
business of overseas branches as well as the loss of credit 
business for the domestic bank.
• The reorganization of supply chains may generate potential 
financial risks, such as the flow of funds (payment of orders and 
debt) in the supply chain. Potential fluctuations in financial 
markets may impact the flow of funds in supply chains.
• Enterprises may encounter a decline in demand, difficulties with 
inventory, or production line adjustments due to the impact of 
COVID-19 and geopolitical conflict. This will increase operating 
costs and affect the quality of credit assets.
• Individually speaking, if companies are singled out through 
sanctions by foreign governments, they may face challenges in 
obtaining necessary production elements or face unfair 
competition. Additionally, these pressures may result in 
investment decisions that go against economic efficiency or 
harm the company's interests, thereby increasing the challenge 
of enterprise operations which may result in default crises.
• Generally speaking, countries are facing geoeconomic conflicts 
and focusing on reorganizing supply chains for the purpose of 
national security. This will result in a decline in the efficiency of 
global production with sustained inflation and sluggish 
economic growth. Sanctions imposed on other nations may 
result in retaliatory actions that can evolve into military conflict.
• Decreased birth rates will cause a sharp decline in younger 
populations in the future. This will cause a relative decrease in 
the number of workers seeking employment and cause a labor 
gap. Risks such as labor shortage, and the difficulty of training 
professional talent (financial personnel with experience in 
internet technology or decarbonization strategies) will be 
encountered.
• The planning of insurance products is transitioning towards an 
aging trend. As the competent authority's control measures on 
sales becomes stricter, protection measures for the elderly must 
be enhanced when planning financial products. The increased 
cost of risk in legal compliance will impact development in 
relevant businesses.
• An aging society will not only cause a reduction in the 
workforce, it will also result in demographic imbalance and a 
greater burden on social welfare (such as National Health 
Insurance).
• Compared to customers in other age groups, the elderly have 
different requirements in terms of financial services and may 
have a lower tolerance to risk. As the elderly population 
increases, it becomes increasingly important to explain the 
suitability assessment of a product and notify customers of risks. 
This includes friendlier service, simpler methods of communica-
tion, and preventing financial exploitation and will further 
increase the requirements of protective measures in the credit 
business and services.
Potential Impact
Risk Description

53
     Short-term
• When handling credit operations, credit officers should strengthen their understanding of the operating conditions in affected companies 
and show concern for customers. Credit reports should disclose the level of impact to operations and plan response measures.
• Strengthen the grasp of borrower's operating activities, inventory and receivables, changes in accounts payable, cash flow, and payment 
ability when handling credit applications. Carefully assess the funding gap to approve suitable limits and credit periods.
• Continue to develop new customers, expand the business customer base and decentralize the focus on major customers to prevent impact 
to the Group's operations due to a rapid decline in the operating volume of single customers or similar industries.
• Overseas branch offices must comply with the requirements of local competent authorities or risk management and adopt quota 
management or establish mechanisms of evaluation and management and revise local regulations for disclosure during credit applica-
tions to carefully assess risks for industries related to local government policies, industries that are highly subsidized, or industries that are 
scrutinized. Continue to monitor the latest news reports relating to international politics/society, economic indicators, national conditions, 
and rating reports of various countries. Reinforce monitoring of the operating status, financial status, and loan management of the top 15 
borrowers; emphasize risk and operational management measures such as the reasonable pricing of credit interest rates.
• To address changes in the investment environment, the emergence of the short supply chain production and sales model, and to urge 
enterprises to increase their willingness to invest and return to Taiwan, we actively coordinated with government policy by launching 
preferential plans such as "Investment Loans to Welcome the Return of Taiwanese Companies" and "Accelerated Investment for 
Enterprises Rooted in Taiwan". If Taiwan-funded enterprises hope to establish substantial overseas companies and operations due to 
global strategy, financing can also be guaranteed through a transfer to the overseas credit insurance fund.
• Regularly monitor the quality of credit assets and credit risk concentration to provide timely warnings or response measures. Also, to 
reinforce risk controls, existing customers with backgrounds as Taiwanese funded enterprises are given reviewed with priority in credit 
cases. New cases of credit transactions, loan applications in existing quotas, or loan reductions will not be continued for Chinese-funded 
enterprises.
• Regularly conduct stress tests to assess financial impact to the Group. Increase frequency of execution according to major incidents and 
future environmental changes and adopt appropriate response measures based on test results.
• Decrease the ratio of individual stocks with higher ratio of production in China, monitor individual stocks that have order transfers due to 
tensions between the U.S. and China. Reduce the undertaking or investment period of KY companies, pay attention to issued companies 
who have excessive concentration of production capacity in China and have not planned to expand capacity into other regions. Manage 
regional risks to prevent excessive risk exposure in a single region.
     In addition to the above, the following mitigation measures are implemented in the medium and long term
• Publish regular and ad hoc reports in response to major economic changes, notify relevant employees of potential impact from borrowers 
for continuous follow-up.
• Continuously remind overseas managers to pay close attention to global political and economic trends and refine the review process prior 
to loan approval. Supervise employees in the management of risks by enhancing risk identification, studying the operating and financial 
conditions of major borrowers, and distributing risk by preventing excessive concentration in a single industry or customer.
• Implement an investment quota policy for countries and industries and manage credit exposure risk by avoiding credit and investments 
that are concentrated in specific regions or industries (e.g.: managing credit risk exposure in China). Adopt additional management 
measures, flexibly adjust the intensity of management, and increase credit risk sensitivity for industries and regions with higher concentra-
tion of risks. Demand a decrease in credit risk exposure for regions in which national risks are increasing. Shorten the deposit period and 
undertaken amount, adopt timely protection measures in response to changes in international trends, reduce the impact that may occur 
from potential risks.
• Plan defensive investment strategies and strengthen the asset quality of investment combinations to focus on increasing holdings of 
high-quality bonds while pairing with suitable hedging tools for the flexible adjustment of operating strategies. Focus on high-quality bonds 
while pairing with suitable hedging tools for the flexible adjustment of operating strategies.
• Adjust asset allocation towards physical economic activities to reduce the impact of adjustments in the supply chain.
     Short-term
• Provide employee benefits and allowances (such as allowance for marriage, childbirth, and transportation subsidies during pregnancy) to 
encourage childbirth. Provide leave (such as maternity, paternity, and prenatal checkup leave) superior to that of the Labor Standards Act.
• Aside from hiring many new employees to fill the personnel gap, industry-academia partnerships have been formed in recent years to 
recruit interns. By extending recruitment into campuses, competition with other enterprises as well as the gap between education and the 
industry are reduced.
• Improve the digitization of system operations to address the lack of administrative workers, increase remuneration for excellent talent 
based on their performance, and establish a student internship system for the early deployment of outstanding interns and allow them to 
transition into full-time employees upon graduation.
• In terms of talent cultivation, certification and re-training programs for "Elderly Financial Planning Consultant" and "Family Trust Planning 
Consultant" have been organized to reinforce the professional training of employees.
• Added a new product suitability assessment for elderly customers. Service personnel must notify customers of risks according to each item 
on a checklist and reinforce the risk notification procedure so that elderly customers better understand the contents of contracts. 
Employees in business departments must provide explanations to elderly customers so that they have a good understanding of the 
obligations and risks relating to contracts.
     In addition to the above, the following mitigation measures are implemented in the medium and long term
• Cultivate employees to improve their professional capabilities in FinTech, including the scheduling of training programs and seminars 
organized by external institutes or the Group's internal professional training programs. Require personnel from designated departments to 
attend to reserve their capabilities in professional fields.
• Enhance training programs and professional certifications for accessible financial services and increase employee's professionalism; 
introduce AI to reduce reliance on labor for repetitive tasks.
• Continue refining various reward systems and benefit policies to improve the overall competitiveness of compensation to attract excellent 
professional talent, maintain the retention rate of employees, and promote employee shareholding of savings trust.
• Utilize digital technologies to develop digital trading platforms that meet the requirements of both younger and elderly customer groups. 
Provide product knowledge and accessible services that are convenient and diverse to implement measures that achieve the fair 
treatment of elderly customers.
• Continue coordination with plans to implement "Self-Regulatory Rules for Fair Treatment by Banks of Elderly Customers", "Operating 
Guidelines for the Fair Treatment of Elderly Customers", and the "comprehensive trust" of Trust 2.0. Enhance promotion of "Hospice Trusts" 
to assist in the secure asset management for the elderly.
Mitigation Measures

54
2-3 Third line roles - Independent internal audit unit
The Company, First Bank, First Securities, First Investment Trust, and First Life Insurance have established internal audit units 
under the Board of Directors and a chief auditor system. They implement audit operations independently and they audit and 
evaluate the effectiveness of internal controls and risk management systems designed and implemented by the first and 
second lines roles. They provide timely advice on improvements, to ensure that the internal control system can continue to be 
implemented in a reasonable manner and to provide a basis for correcting the internal control system. We continue to follow 
up on review opinions of internal audit units, accountants, and business administration units or deficiencies found during self-au-
dits, and matters requiring improvement listed in the internal control system statement. Improvements are submitted in writing 
to the Board of Directors and Audit Committee and used as an important item for penalties and rewards and performance 
evaluations of related units, so as to maintain the effective and appropriate operation of the internal control system.
In order to strengthen the functions of the second and third lines roles, such as compliance with laws and regulations, internal 
audit and internal control, in addition to the continuous dissemination of the inspection of the three lines model of internal 
control on high-risk businesses at relevant coordination meetings, at the Company’s “Symposium on Review of Lack of Internal 
Control System and Improvement Measures for Legal Compliance”, the focus of inspections issued by the Financial Examina-
tion Bureau, FSC, major inspection deficiencies in various sectors of the financial industry and deficiencies in penalty cases will 
be brought to the attention of all subsidiaries and be included in the relevant business inspection items to avoid the recurrence 
of deficiencies. Meanwhile, in order to implement the performance appraisal, according to the Company’s evaluation method 
for the audit work of the subsidiaries, the internal audit organization and system, internal auditors’ work and audit management 
and other related audit operations of each subsidiary are regularly evaluated, and the results are sent to the board of directors 
of the subsidiaries as an important basis for the performance appraisal of the audit unit.
The execution of our company's 2022 internal audit process and the preparation of the 2023 audit plan referred not only to 
the financial inspection guidelines issued by the Financial Supervisory Commission but also internal control performance 
ratings and business characteristics of each unit (including subsidiaries). In addition to risk management, the internal control 
system is supervised by the two lines model to check the results by itself, and then be reviewed by the audit unit, and together 
with the improvement of internal control deficiencies and abnormal matters found by the audit unit, be taken as an assessment 
of the effectiveness of the overall internal control system, so as to make the Group’s self-evaluation of the internal control 
system more complete.
Additionally, subsidiary First Bank has implemented a risk-oriented internal audit system by establishing a series of risk-oriented 
methods and procedures to evaluate internal audits. This acts as a foundation for compiling audit plans to determine the 
frequency of internal audits based on the assessed risk level, thereby deploying audit resources with more effectiveness as 
well as reinforcing audit focus on critical risks.
• The Group's overall management of anti-money laundering and counter-terrorism financing and proliferation of 
weapons (including the consistency of IRA methodology and rational risk appetite of subsidiaries), supervise the 
anti-money laundering deficiencies of subsidiaries and implement improvements, and adjust the compliance of 
other subsidiaries that are not inspected.
• The implementation of the legal compliance system of the Company and its supervised subsidiaries (including 
reinvestment businesses), and the implementation of improvement in compliance risk assessment (CRA) weaknesses 
of the supervised subsidiaries.
• Supervision and management of reinvestment businesses (including the management mechanisms for venture 
capital subsidiaries supervised by the financial holding company to prevent conflicts of interest or improper 
transactions).
• The operation and implementation of the corporate governance system (including the functions of the board of 
directors, the operation of functional committees, the management of interested-party transactions, the code of 
conduct, the self-regulatory rules and the implementation of the whistleblower system).
• The Group's risk management mechanisms (including large exposures, management of major risks and handling of 
major sporadic incidents, stress tests and risk management operations to address larger fluctuations in financial 
markets) and supervision of subsidiaries to implement risk management for reinvestment businesses (including those 
overseas) and report the required information of financial holdings.
• Personal data protections, information security management and supervision of subsidiaries’ implementation of 
information security defense, early warning monitoring and response drill mechanisms.
• Implementation of Sustainable Finance and ESG.
Key audit criteria

55
2-4 Business Continuity Management Mechanism
In order to quickly pass the information on incidents and to grasp the timeliness of processing, the Company and its subsidiar-
ies shall, when incidents occur, divide incidents into major incidents and general incidents according to the “FFHC Incident 
Reporting Guidelines”, and according to the degrees of impact, divide them into three levels: A, B, and C and handle them in 
accordance with the “Incident Handling Notification Procedures”, and follow the principles of notification, handling, follow-up, 
etc. prudently, so to effectively prevent the expansion of disasters and reduce the impact.
In addition, to promptly and effectively handle the business crisis of the Company and its subsidiaries (including the occurrence 
of bank run, robbery, theft, major malpractice, financial crisis, major investment failure, information crisis (including: data 
leakage, system interruption, etc.), fire, explosions, natural disasters, customer collective petitions and other major events or 
disasters), hoping to quickly pacify the incident or restore operations, and reduce the harm, the Company has formulated the 
“Crisis Response Principles for the Company and its Subsidiaries”. When a crisis occurs, the business responsible unit shall 
promptly deal with it, and in addition to taking general contingency measures for its related business, it shall also adopt 
different contingency measures for business crises caused by various reasons. The Company shall set up a crisis management 
team when necessary, and the risk management department shall be responsible for the establishment of case files, conven-
ing meetings, case listing and tracking records, and reporting the case and handling process to the Company’s supervisors at 
all levels at any time, until the incident subsides and the crisis is lifted.
In May 2021 and March 2022, incidents such as insufficient power reserve capacity and equipment failure at Hsinta Power 
Plant caused rolling blackouts and power outages without warning across Taiwan, affecting 5.62 million and 5.5 million house-
holds. During April 2022, the Group asked each subsidiary to propose reports on their "business continuity plan" such as 
implementing uninterruptible power supplies, generators, and remote backup measures to ensure the continuity of business 
operations.
●○ Implementation of the internal audit system in 2022 is as follows
Implementation plan
General audits, project audits
Derivative trade audit
Auditing opinions and follow-up
Self-audit meetings, internal control system self-audit results review, internal control
system deficiency review meetings, and internal audit coordination meetings within
the group
Number of times held/Execution times
2 times each
8 times each
10 times
23 times
Please refer to page 107 of the Company’s Annual Report for the
2022 Internal Control System Statement

56
Responsible Finance
GRI：FS1、FS2、FS3
SASB：FN-CB-410a.2
The increased frequency of extreme weather events in recent years continues to threaten environments of human survival. In 
2022, the Conference of the Parties (COP 27) focused on responding to the climate crisis, improving climate adaptation and 
resilience, as well as compensating climate related damages and losses. The conference further emphasized the importance 
of carbon transformation in the financial industry. The Group continues to take actions in support of the 3 main focuses of COP 
27. The "First Financial Holdings Sustainable Development Policy" complies with our policy of "sustainable empowerment and 
shared happiness" in the establishment of sustainable credit, sustainable investments, and sustainable insurance policies. The 
fulfillment of ESG investigation procedures encompass all businesses from investments, financing, consulting, and insurance. 
Continuing improvements to the ESG Factor Review Mechanism inspects whether the enterprises that are invested into or 
financed have violated criteria in product sustainability, human rights, environmental protection, and major social controversies 
while also incorporating coal and atypical oil and gas industries into review. Additionally, the Coalition of Movers and Shakers 
on Sustainable Finance was formed with 5 major industry peers to reinforce the negotiation mechanisms for enterprise 
investments and financing. If the enterprise seeking investments or financing is in major violation and does not submit an 
improvement plan after negotiations, investment and financing positions will gradually decrease. Our active guidance of 
customers to focus on issues of sustainability will hopefully support the goal of net zero in 2050.
Uphold the sustainability commitment, the Group requires all domestic and offshore fund companies to sign the compliance 
statement for the “Stewardship Principles for Institutional Investors” and the “Principles for Responsible Investment (PRI)” before 
the launch of a new product. Insurance companies of the launched products are also 100% prepared “Sustainability Report” 
or “Sustainable Development Commitment” to protect the rights and interests of customers and beneficiaries.
●○ Responsible Finance
First Financial Group ESG integration framework
Compliance with international
sustainability principles
Group policies and ESG management procedures
SDGs
Equator Principles (EPs)
Principles for Responsible Banking (PRB)
Principles for Responsible Investment (PRI)
Principles for Sustainable Insurance (PSI)
Green Bond Principles (GBP)
Social Bond Principles (SBP)
Sustainability Bond Guidelines (SBG)
Corporate sustainable development policy
CDD/KYC
Sustainable
Lending Policy
Sustainable
Investment Policy
Sustainable
Insurance Policy
Advisory
Loans
Investments
Insurance
ESG Factor Review
Mechanism
Percentage of signature of the 
compliance statement for the 
"Stewardship Principles" by 
domestic fund companies with 
products marketed at the Group
100
Percentage of signature of the 
compliance statement for the 
"Principles for Responsible 
Investment (PRI)" by offshore 
fund companies with products 
marketed at the Group
100
Percentage of preparation of the 
"Sustainability Report" or 
submission of the compliance 
statement for the "Sustainable 
Development Commitment " by 
insurance companies with 
products marketed at the Group
100
Negotiate, manage,
and improve
Exclusion principles
and applications

57
3-1 Corporate Banking/Investment Business
Equator Principles
In order to accelerate international connectivity, implement the sustainable finance policy, and encourage companies to pay
attention to environmental protection and social responsibility, First Bank joined the Equator Principles Association on Decem-
ber 21, 2020, becoming the first among domestic state-owned banks to do so and the 114th bank member in the world. To 
comply with Equator Principles, First Bank issued an official letter on January 6, 2021 to establish the "First Bank Equator 
Principles Guidelines for Loan Application". To comply with the Equator Principles, before accepting financing applications from 
all corporates, First Bank must determine the applicability of the Equator Principles in accordance with the amount and 
purpose of each case. The “Environmental and Social Risk Project Team” is established by the business, review, post-loan 
management and other units to be in charged of risk classification for applicable cases. In addition, based on the “Environ-
mental and Social Risk Assessment Report” and “Environmental and Social Monitoring Report” issued by an independent and 
qualified third-party institution, First Bank will conduct credit risk review and post-loan monitoring to confirm that cases undertak-
en are in accordance with the guidelines of the Equator Principles.
2019-2022 Compliance to review requirements of the Equator Principle in project financing and general project loans, a total 
of 22 cases; After officially signing the Equator Principle in December 2020 and becoming a member bank, the bank has 
approved 9 cases involving the Equator Principle from 2021-2022. The cases were all located in Taiwan, mainly in the power 
industry in projects such as solar energy, renewable energy, gas, and offshore wind energy.
Internalize the Equator Principles into the credit investigation and extension procedures and risk management
Credit extension review
Credit investigation
File application documents
Propose loan requirements
Contract signing and identity confirmation
Drawing funds
Post-loan management
Confirmation of compliance
with Equator Principles
Inclusion of the compliance clause of
Equator Principles in the contract
Drawing funds for the loan
Regular monitoring of environmental
and social risks Confirmation of
compliance of the case with Equator
Environmental and social
risk classification
Proceeded by the
credit investigation team
Provided by an independent
and professional
third-party institution
Handled by the business unit
Charged by the Environmental
and Social Risk Project Team
Proceeded by the
credit investigation team
Provided by an independent
and professional
third-party institution
Disclose the implementation status of Equator Principles cases regularly each year
Handled by the business unit
Handled by the business unit
Charged by the debt management unit
●○ Number of Equator Principles cases from 2019 to 2022
2019
2020
2021
2022
2
0
Project financing
General loans for projects
Unit: Case
4
3
4
2
4
3

58
01. Power supply industry/joint loan for rooftop type (indoor farming) fishery and electricity symbiosis solar energy 
project 3rd party institute: AECOM
In 2022, First Commercial Bank co-sponsored a joint loan case for rooftop type (indoor farming) fishery and electricity 
symbiosis solar energy project located in Yizhu Township and Budai Township within Chiayi County. The project featured 
a device capacity of approximately 130MW and the current site consisted mainly of fisheries or abandoned fisheries; it 
was not classified as an ecological sensitive area, cultural asset/heritage protected area, or indigenous protected area. 
In May 2020, the Environmental Protection Administration agreed that environmental impact assessment was unneces-
sary but due to the independent review mechanism and bank financing ESG negotiations required by the Equator 
Principle, an "Environment and Social Due Diligence Report" was obtained by an independent third party institute for the 
project, which was graded a Level B project (meaning the negative environmental and social impact caused by the 
project is limited or negligible, or can mostly be solved through mitigation measures depending on the project's site).
The joint loan contract of this project required the borrower and the construction or operation of the solar energy plant 
to comply with all applicable environmental and social regulations as well as maintain all relevant permits; additionally, 
the project was required to comply with the various rules and requirements of the Equator Principle at any time, including 
but not limited to providing an annual monitoring report issued by an independent third party institute to the managing 
bank of the loan quota. The managing bank must audit the borrower and determine if they have completed the 
necessary improvement or action plans for the development of this project within the credit period. Additionally, the 
borrower must submit a detailed report to the managing bank within 3 days of gaining knowledge relating the environ-
mental or social requests related to the solar power plant, environmental pollution, major occupational safety incidents, 
or significant social complaints and protests. Subsequent investigative results shall be submitted in a report or improve-
ment plan (if applicable) to the managing bank.
Equator Principle cases
●○ 22021-2022 Equator Principle Cases
Risk Rating
Regional
Distribution
(Taiwan)
9
Level B, 5
Level A, 1
Level C, 3
Industry
distribution
Power
supply industry
(Solar power generation)
Power supply industry
(Renewable energy)
Steel rolling
and extruding
Integrated circuit
manufacturing
Power supply
industry
(Offshore wind power)
Power supply industry
(Gas power generation)
4
1
1
1
1
1
Unit: Case

59
02. Power supply industry/Joint loan for waste-to-energy power plant project 3rd party 
institute:  WSP
In response to the government's promotion of the six core strategic industries and active 
development of green and renewable energy industries to achieve the vision of net zero 2050, 
the borrower planned to build a 20MW waste-to-energy (WtE) power plant and solid 
recovered fuel (SRF) processing site in Taoyuan Science and Technology Industrial Park. The 
project site was an empty lot without indigenous residents and cultural heritage or risk of 
harming biodiversity. The project would utilize the SRF processing plant to apply non-hazard-
ous industrial waste (such as waste plastic, rubber, wood, fibers, and general waste produced 
from business activities) as a raw material to produce solid fuel which is then transported to 
the WtE to generate power. Compared to common fossil fuels, SRF reduces carbon emissions 
by 30%-70% while also providing the benefit of reducing both waste and carbon emissions. It's 
estimated that the project's completion will generate 1.6 billion kWh of electricity annually 
while processing 150,000 tons of industrial waste.
The project has obtained an Environment and Social Due Diligence Report issued by third 
party consultants WSP. Their assessment of aspects such as environmental impact, air 
pollution, water pollution, waste, chemical project management, soil and groundwater 
pollution, noise, occupational health and safety, and human rights were found to be in compli-
ance with Taiwan's laws and regulations and have limited impact to the environment and 
society. Additionally, the project has obtained permits for pollution emissions, assessment 
reports for soil pollution, approval letters for test data, approval letters to utilize sewers for 
waste (sewage) water pipes for a total of 12 permits and approval letters. In order to prevent 
project construction from infringing on the rights of stakeholders, First Commercial Bank has 
also actively communicated with the borrower to request a stakeholder negotiation plan and 
ensure an unobstructed channel of communication.
03. Joint loan for semiconductor/fab construction project 3rd party institute: Environmental 
Protection Administration, Taiwan
In response to the government's efforts and policy goals of transforming and upgrading 
domestic industries to establish Taiwan as a "High-end Production Hub for Asia" and an 
"Advanced Manufacturing Process Center for Semiconductors", the borrower planned to 
construct two 12-inch fabs in Miaoli's Tongluo Science Park. After completion, it is expected to 
produce the equivalent of 100,000 12-inch wafers per month; the fully automated smart 
factories were designed to the highest environmental protection standards, recycling over 85% 
of the plant's wastewater and implementing solar energy power generation and storage 
facilities as well as green energy for a total capacity of 7500kW. On December 21, 2021, the 
borrower passed the Environmental Protection Administration's 5th audit of the "Analysis of 
Differences in Current Environmental Conditions", committing to a reduction to emissions of 
toxic substance hydrofluoric acid (a necessary raw material in semiconductor etching and 
polishing processes). The borrower guaranteed of a 10% reduction within 3 years, 20% in 5 
years, and 30% in 10 years after passing the audit and made a commitment to implement air 
pollution prevention facilities as well as strengthen conservation measures for protected 
species such as leopard cats and the mountain scops owl; other commitments included an 
increase in plants, environmental improvements, and reinforcing environmentally friendly 
integration measures with nearby environments, depending on the results of ecological 
surveys. First Commercial Bank actively negotiated with the borrower to request an energy 
conservation rate exceeding 1% (inclusive), recycling rate of over 85% (inclusive) for water used 
in manufacturing processes, and company-wide waste recycling rate of over 85% at their plant 
located in Hsinchu Science Park. The aforementioned effects of energy conservation and 
environmental protection were linked to the interest rate of their loan, allowing the bank, 
acting in the role of a capital provider, to encourage the borrower to focus on environmental 
protection.

60
Lending / Due diligence
First Commercial Bank practices responsible finance to evaluate whether enterprise borrowers fulfill their responsibilities in 
environmental protection, social responsibility, and ethical management as key criteria of financing. We continue to advocate 
ESG review mechanisms to credit examiners through meetings related to risk management; the three stages of reviewing 
applications for line of credit, commitments prior to credit allocation, and post-loan management are as follows: 
Practice procedures such as Client Due Diligence (CDD) and Know Your Customer (KYC) in business dealings and utilize the 
"ESG Factor Checklist" to separately review borrowers for their ESG related risks, conduct scoring and grading, and incorporate 
them into credit risk assessment. If customers have previously engaged in environmental pollution, infringement of human 
rights/labor rights, suffered negative allegations within the company, and other ESG controversies, negotiations shall be 
conducted with the customer immediately to clearly state their current handling or improvement plan during credit limit applica-
tion. The credit examining unit shall modify restrictive conditions based on the severity assessment of hazards; if involvement in 
ESG risk factors cannot be eliminated or improved, the loan should be refused to fulfill the finance industry's social responsibility.
In order to strengthen risk management for specific industries, additional clauses have been implemented to prohibit involve-
ment in highly controversial industries such as the tobacco manufacturing industry, pornographic industry, or illegal arms 
industry＊1. Other potentially controversial industries (such as alcohol and gaming) and environmentally sensitive industries 
(including involvement in biodiversity, climate change, energy use, or industries related to forests and water such as the mining 
industry, forestry, agriculture, gas, and natural gas) must be carefully assessed during the credit application stage; For high 
pollution (carbon emissions) industries＊2, a restriction limiting the proportion of their credit limit to not exceed 14% of the bank's 
total line of credit was implemented in 2022 and set to decrease annually, achieving the mid to long-term goal of not exceed-
ing 13% in 2026; Also, in response to the net zero 2050 goal of Taiwan's government, de-carbonization mechanisms have been 
established for our financing business beginning in 2023. A commitment has been made to avoid undertaking new enterprise 
financing for the mining of coal, project financing coal-fired power plants, and enterprise financing where atypical oil and gas 
revenue exceeds a specific proportion. The gradual decrease of financing for the coal industry continues to deepen First 
Commercial Bank's financial influence in promoting net zero transformations.
＊1： Applicable starting March 13, 2023.
＊2：Starting in March 13, 2023, the high pollution (energy consumption) industries has been renamed to high pollution (carbon emissions) industries. 
The industry definition has been adjusted to encompass the power supply industry, iron steel aluminum and copper smelting, petrochemicals 
(including artificial fiber), cement, paper making, agriculture and animal husbandry, water and air transportation, printing and dyeing, leather, metal 
processing, printed circuit boards, and battery manufacturing.
Divide different credit loan review 
authorizations based on different credit 
limits, including the Board of Managing 
Directors, President, Credit Approval 
Division at the head office, regional 
center or business unit managers, etc.
Added fields such as "disclosed matters 
relating to green industries" and "use of 
green funds" in the credit system, 
requiring borrowers to disclose informa-
tion such as their type of green industry 
and proportion of green products to total 
revenue.
1. Implement CDD/KYC procedures, 
score and grade in accordance with 
the "ESG Risk Factor Checklist", and 
incorporate it as a reference for 
credit risk assessment.
• Involved in environmental pollution in 
the past
• In violation of labor rights
• Occurring negative issues on the 
company's internal control
• Other ESG risk issues
2. Prohibit undertaking of highly 
controversial industries＊1
3. Carefully assess potential controversy 
and environmentally sensitive 
industries.
4. Determine industries with high 
pollution (carbon emissions)＊2 and 
their credit limits; credit cases should 
be undertaken within this limit.
Business unit files a credit limit application
Credit approver makes an assessment of cases.
Obtain the " Sustainable Development Agreement "and
other agreements before the line of credit is used.
Approval of credit limit
Make arrangements in accordance with the 
standards in relation to post-loan management; for 
instance, the correction status or plan that shall be 
followed up in the event where a credit loan 
involves the realm of green finance.
Confirm whether the industry and purpose of funds of 
the corporate loan borrower is attributed to the realm 
of green finance and the benefits derived from the 
business activities thereof on environment and society.
Attributed to the realm
of green finance
Not attributed to the realm
of green finance
Approve credit terms 
by granting interest 
rates designated for 
general credit loan 
cases
Combined with the 
"Green and 
Sustainable Finance 
Preferential Credit 
Project" to provide 
preferential interest 
rates and flexible 
approval credit 
Assessment and review of credit limit
applications
Commitment prior to the
Assessment and review
of credit limit
Post-loan
management

61
As of December 2022, ESG has been included in the loan decision review process for 100% of enterprise credit loans with a 
total of 11 cases that received "conditional approval" (e.g.: loan amount decrease or increased interest rates) or "rejected" 
due to ESG risk factors as described in the following:
＊：2022 Adjustment involves ESG risk factors due to the primary reasons resulting in the aforementioned cases of conditional approval/unapproved.
ESG risk factors
Amount
Refusal of credit loans
(including tabled or
withdrawn applications)
3,000
Case
1
Amount
Conditional pass
(including reduced approval
and restrictive terms)
1,300
Case
5
221
1
0
0
556
3
400
1
3,777
5
1,700
6
Unit: case/million NTD
• Pollutant source list as an object of regulation 
and related punishment records
• High carbon emission industries
• Controversial industries such as coal and energy
• Whether the objects and carbon emissions of 
“emission sources of registered greenhouse gas 
emissions should be checked” regulated by the 
Environmental Protection Administration of the 
Executive Yuan has increased for 2 consecutive 
years
• Status of compliance with the labor rights and 
the Labor Standards Act
• Status of salary payment and retirement reserve 
fund appropriation
• Occupational health and safety
• Gender equality
• Food Safety
• Controversial industries
• Issuance of sustainability report
• International ESG related evaluations and 
participation in initiatives
• Shareholding ratio of directors and supervisors
• Change of the management
• Accountant’s financial statement review opinion
• Negative news events
Environmental
factors
Social factors
Governance factors
Total
Cases that were conditional approved or not approved due to ESG risk factors identified by the reviewers, the following are
the top three borrowers based on the amount:
Name of borrower
XX Power Co., Ltd.
Amount
3,000
Unit: Million NTD
Details of ESG risks
Environmental Factors: The borrower's main business is in thermal power generation which is 
a high carbon emission industry and a pollution source listed for regulation. Their utilization of 
funds is for the import of coal but industry profits are decreasing, resulting in massive financial 
debt. Considering the ESG and credit risks, the case was reconsidered.
XX Steam Power
Co., Ltd.
1,000
Environmental Factors: The borrower is a cogeneration plant which utilizes coal as fuel for 
power generation fuel and is a pollution source listed for regulation. The company was 
penalized in the past 5 years for their violation of the Air Pollution Control Act and Environmen-
tal Impact Assessment Act, in addition to suffering from poor financial conditions. As such, the 
borrower's interest rate was raised.
XX Construction
Co., Ltd.
400
Social, Governance Factors: In recent years, the borrower and person-in-charge was involved 
in fraud and a constant number of lawsuits as well as severe accidents related to occupation-
al safety. Considering social safety and poor governance, the amount in this case was 
reduced from NT$600 million to NT$400 million.
4,400
Total
Environmental factors
Social factors
 Governance factors
Ratio of
conditionally
approved
cases
Ratio of
unapproved
cases
83%
20%
60%
20%
0%
17%
After reviewing the ESG
risk factors of customers

62
For the purpose of strengthening the post-loan management and fulfilling the responsibility of being a financial institution for 
environmental protection and social sustainability, First Commercial Bank finds out whether the operations of early warning 
cases of borrowers who have been punished by government environmental protection agencies for violating environmental 
protection laws violate ESG principles and proposes improvement measures to these borrowers. In 2022 there are a total of 
1 cases that meet the early warning signal of “those who violated environmental protection laws and regulations were 
punished by government environmental protection agencies”, and the customer has been continuously tracked to determine 
if they have complied with the environmental protection authority’s request to obtain a permit for waste disposal. In addition, 
if the borrower's loan is suitable for the purpose of green financing, the verification of the actual use of the fund after the review 
operation will be strengthened. If it is discovered that circumstances of environmental pollution are in violation of ESG 
principles, it shall be stated in the review opinion as a reference for future credit limit review. After review conducted by review-
ers in 2022, no such matters have occurred.
Responsible investment
First Financial Group establishes standard evaluation procedures for responsible investment, abides by the Stewardship 
Principles, complies with related regulations, and fulfills fiduciary duties as an asset manager to maximize interests for benefi-
ciaries and shareholders.
In order to guide borrowers towards sustainable development practices, the domestic and foreign branches of First Commer-
cial Bank, FCB Leasing, FCB Leasing (Chengdu), and First Financial AMC are actively urging customers to place an emphasis 
on sustainable development and soliciting borrowers to submit a Declaration of Sustainable Development; foreign branches 
are urging customers to comply with local environmental protection and human rights laws. Starting in 2023, "Strive to control 
greenhouse gas emissions and continued management of various indicators in operating environments to develop sustainable 
development practices for the goal of net zero 2050" has been incorporated into the Letter of Commitment (Negotiated 
Version) for high pollution (carbon emissions) borrowers to urge participation in response to national policy. In 2022, First 
Commercial Bank succeeded in soliciting Sustainable Development commitment from approximately 99.9% of its borrowers.
Since 2015, First Capital Management has revised and updated the "Do-Not-Invest List for Sustainable Development Violations" 
every two weeks. It continuously reviews investees based on product sustainability, governance, social, and environmental 
criteria. Any company that is found to have engaged in conduct which is not in the spirit of sustainable development is added 
to the do-not-invest list. In the fourth quarter of 2016, we fine-tuned our screening guidelines for social factors to better 
safeguard human rights based on the content and spirit of the "Universal Declaration of Human Rights," with particular empha-
sis on Articles 6, 7, and 8 of the "International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights." The number of companies 
included in the do-not-invest list from 2020 to 2022 were 10, 15, and 13 companies, respectively. The list was provided to First 
Financial Holding, First Bank, First Securities, First Securities Investment Trust, First Life Insurance, and First Venture Capital for 
reference purposes. In 2022, the invested stock pool of the 6 domestic funds (small, innovative trends, electronics, core 
strategic, storefront, and balanced China) of FSITC did not include stocks from the "non-investment list of companies that violate 
sustainable development". Additionally, 73.89% of companies in the stock pool of domestic funds compiled their own sustain-
ability reports. A decarbonization mechanism was established in coordination with the Group while subsidiaries in banking, 
securities, investment trust, and life insurance committed in 2023 to suspend additional investments into enterprises whose 
revenue of coal and atypical oil and gas exceeds a specific proportion＊.
Domestic Sustainable Development commitment
Sustainable Development Evaluation Form for Overseas Branches
2022
53,682＊
6,317
2021
51,713
5,389
2020
41,705
4,520
2019
24,353
3,703
Unit: no. of borrowers
●○ Sustainable Development commitment signed by domestic and foreign borrowers over recent four years
Item
Year
＊：Includes the Declaration of Sustainable Development obtained by First Financial AMC.
＊：Considering the nature of business in each subsidiary, different revenue proportions have been established for each.
• The evaluation 
procedures include 
financial and ESG 
factors
• ESG engagement with 
companies
• Investment 
decision-making 
meeting
• Trading and investment 
review
Evaluate
• Review of deviations in 
execution
• Disclosure of voting in 
the shareholders' 
meeting
• Sign and comply with 
the "Stewardship 
Principles for Institution-
al Investors"
• Monitor ESG issues of 
investees
Review
• Investment limit of own 
funds for specific 
industries (high 
pollution/high carbon 
emission)
• If an investee violates 
ESG obligations and is 
penalized but fails to 
implement improve-
ments, investments in 
the company shall be 
reduced or withdrawn
Adjustment
• Exclusion principle: 
Investment targets may 
not be arms, gambling, 
pornography, or other 
controversial industries
• Revise and update the 
"Do-Not-Invest List" 
every two weeks
• Disclose the carbon 
emissions of the 
investee company in 
the investment analysis 
report
Screening
Investment decision-making
Stewardship actions

63
The Group aims to fulfill responsibilities as an asset owner or administrator and increase long-term value for the Group and 
fund providers. First Bank, First Securities, First Securities Investment Trust, and First Life Insurance have signed the compliance 
statement for the "Stewardship Principles" and shall disclose their performance of due diligence governance on their company 
websites. First Commercial Bank and First Securities were both listed on the “List of Companies with Better Institutional Investor 
Stewardship Disclosure” announced by the Taiwan Stock Exchange (TWSE) in 2022; ESG risk factors are incorporated into the 
decision-making process of long-term investments through a self-established ESG assessment checklist or results from an 
external third party ESG assessment. In principle, investments are not made if assessments determine there is high ESG risk or 
if the score is excessively low; instead, the invested company is regularly reviewed and engaged through ESG negotiations via 
e-mail, phone interviews, questionnaires, plant visits, and voting at the shareholders' meeting to give attention to the ESG 
related opportunities and risks of the invested company. Voting at shareholders' meetings are conducted based on the spirit 
of sustainability; if the invested company's proposals result in negative impact to the environment or society, they shall be 
opposed on principle. Also, if the invested company violates ESG related laws, is penalized but does not implement effective 
improvements, investments in the company will be gradually reduced or disposed of. The attendance in shareholders' 
meetings of investees and ESG engagement with investees in 2022 are as follows:
2022
7
13
2021
7
2020
7
0
0
3
6
8
0
0
0
0
15
10
Excluding enterprises involving animal welfare(Biodiversity), climate change, 
ozone layer destruction, betting games, genetic engineering, nuclear energy, 
the sex industry, tobacco, and weapons systems.
Incidents involving corporate embezzlement, food safety violations, accounting 
fraud and market manipulation, and other controversial social issues in the most 
recent six months, leading to being investigated by the law enforcement agency.
• List of Sanctioned Entities announced by the Environmental Protection Adminis-
tration, Executive Yuan (Environmental Protection Administration, Executive Yuan 
/ Public Administrative Announcements / List of Entities Sanctioned by the EPA); 
sanctioned entities which have not made improvements.
• Those which have legal actions taken against them by the prosecutor are 
entered on the watchlist.
• It is determined whether a major labor dispute, employee strike, or other 
similar incident has occurred and whether union negotiations have not yet 
been concluded.
• The company has laid off employees without warning.
• Screening guidelines for safeguarding human rights were adjusted based on 
the content and spirit of the "Universal Declaration of Human Rights," with 
particular emphasis on Articles 6, 7, and 8 of the "International Covenant on 
Economic, Social and Cultural Rights."
Attendance rate in shareholders' meetings of listed investee 
companies in 2022 [Number of (attendance in person + 
electronic voting) / number of attendances expected]
First Bank
First Securities
First Securities Investment Trust
First Life Insurance
100%
100%
100%
100%
●○ Responsible investment/stewardship
            implementation status
581
Unit: Attendances
399
529
88
Participation in
shareholders'
meetings
Participation in
institutional investors'
conferences
Actual attendance
in shareholders'
meetings
Evaluation or
communication
on ESG issues
Results of
engagement
Social
issues
Governance
issues
Overlapping
ESG issues
Successful engagement 
and case closed
Continuous monitoring
99.0%
Percentage of
ESG engagement
with investee
companies
90%
3%
6%
1%
1.0%
Screening
Standards
Product
sustainability
Governance
Social
Environmental
Total
Main Basis
No. of individual stocks excluded
from the investment pool in the
past three years 
Environmental
issues

64
3-2 Retail Banking / Individual Finance
CDD/KYC Review Procedures 
In order to improve the quality and resilience of credit assets, we incorporate ESG risk factors into the review process of our 
retail bank business for small and medium enterprises (including sole proprietorship and partnerships) and personal finance. 
Customers must pass 100% of the financial assessment and ESG risk review procedure to ensure their financial sustainability 
and resilience against unforeseen risk events.
When new accounts are opened, or if existing customers add projects to their businesses Customer Due Diligence (CDD) and 
Know Your Customer (KYC) are diligently conducted. This includes checklists for anti-money laundering (AML) and countering 
the financing of terrorism (CFT) for individuals and persons in charge of small and medium enterprises (SMEs); high risk custom-
ers must undergo Enhanced Due Diligence (EDD). Additionally, investigations are conducted into whether customers have been 
involved in ESG risks and transactions are refused and customers declined if their ESG risks are deemed excessive. This 
reduces the negative social and environmental impact caused by their products and services; The financing business for SMEs 
incorporates similar credit limitations comparable to those imposed on high pollution (carbon emissions) industries as well as 
restrictions on undertaking controversial and environmentally sensitive industries based on an assessment of their impact on 
environmental and social sustainability.
In order to take the risks of value loss of collateral into appraisal considerations, information for "geologically sensitive areas" 
and "potential areas of soil liquefaction" are obtained from the Central Geological Survey on a case by case basis and 
disclosed in the appraisal report. This allows auditors to comprehensively consider climate change risks of collateral; if the real 
estate collateral is building on a type C construction site＊ and is a new or loan increase case, it must be appraised by the 
management department of First Commercial Bank headquarters, regional center, or independently appraised on its own.
＊：This refers to land lots zoned for type C construction use (for users of buildings in forest zones, slope land conservation zones, scenic zones, and 
slope agricultural zones) in the land registration transcript.
Review
measures not
completed
Loans
Personal finance
Credit cards
services
AML / CFT
Nationality / PEP
ESG risks
Adverse news
Medium and
low-risk customers
Maintain original
review level
High-risk
customers
Enhanced Due
Diligence, EDD
Review
measures not
completed
Risk category
CDD / KYC
New business
transactions
Proportion of ESG
engagement by
industry
Electronic manufacturing .... 42%
Financial .................................... 9%
Other manufacturing .............. 9%
Petrochemical and plastics
manufacturing ...................... 6%
Textiles, garments, and leather
manufacturing .................................. 2%
Wholesale & retail .......................... 2%
Water resources ............................. 1%
Hospitality ......................................... 1%
Media publishing and information 
communications .............................. 1%
Automobile and transport .... 6%
Power industry ......................... 5%
Real estate & construction ... 4%
Pharmaceutical manufacturing  4%
Mechanical industry ...................... 3%
Other services ................................. 3%
Food & beverage manufacturer  2%
Decline
application
Approve
application

Also, to further understand climate scenarios under different "Representative Concentration Pathways" (RCPs) and future trends 
in global or regional temperatures, rainfall, or rise in sea level for the purpose of estimating potential damages that natural 
disasters (flooding, landslides, etc.) caused by abnormal climate can cause to mortgage credit, First Commercial Bank 
selected SSP1-1.9 and SSP5-8.5. Literature review of reports on slope and flooding disasters in all regions and their impact on 
housing prices were modeled in simulations to evaluate impact assessment parameters and analyze the impairment amount 
of collateral, enhance control of risk exposure in the locations of collateral, and reinforce the protections for debt.
Environmental factors
Social factors
Governance factors
Environmental factors
Social factors
Conditionally approved 2 cases 
No relevant cases
3 Unapproved cases
Review results
●○ 2022 ESG Review Results of Retail Banking and Credit Business
Type
Category
ESG risk factors
Small and
medium
enterprises
Individuals
and persons
in charge
of SMEs
●○ Flooding
Top 5 townships and cities with the greatest loss
in value under 2030s SSP1-1.9
Top 5 townships and cities with the greatest loss
in value under 2030s SSP5-8.5
SSP5-8.5
Region
Impairment
amount
Scenario
Year
Unit: Million NTD
1,147
1,060
986
1,565
1,381
1,147
1,782
1,697
1,565
SSP1-1.9
Region
Impairment
amount
Zhongli District,
Taoyuan City
Zhubei City,
Hsinchu County
Sanmin District,
Kaohsiung City
Zhongli District,
Taoyuan City
Zhubei City,
Hsinchu County
Sanmin District,
Kaohsiung City
Xinzhuang District,
New Taipei City
Zhongshan District,
Taipei City
Zhongli District,
Taoyuan City
Sanmin District,
Kaohsiung City
Taitung City,
Taitung County
Taoyuan District,
Taoyuan City
Zhongli District,
Taoyuan City
Zhubei City,
Hsinchu County
Sanmin District,
Kaohsiung City
Xinzhuang District,
New Taipei City
Zhongshan District,
Taipei City
Zhongli District,
Taoyuan City
1,565
1,381
1,147
1,565
1,381
1,147
1,783
1,697
1,565
2030
2050
2090
＊：High impairment amounts are due to greater climate hazards or higher loan balances.
According to the review factors of 
general corporate finance
The area where the real estate 
collateral is located (geologically sensitive 
area and soil liquefaction potential area)
• 12% located in geologically sensitive areas
• 16% located in high potential areas for soil 
liquefaction
• 57 Individuals were sanctioned and 
refused in business dealings
• 7 Individual mortgages were denied due 
to excessive AML risks
Money laundering
Combating financing of terrorism
Involvement in illegal affairs or 
negative media reports
65

66
Retail Banking Credit Review and ESG Engagement
To strengthen the communication with retail banking customers and identify ESG related risks and opportunities, First Bank 
interacts with customers and conveys ESG information from time to time through face-to-face conversations, lectures, dynamic/ 
static publicity and community interaction before engaging with customers, and also collaborates with the reinvestment East 
Asia Real Estate Management Company and government agencies to provide customers with ESG related consulting services 
so as to comprehensively enhance customer’s ESG awareness; potential ESG risks and opportunities will be identified by 
integrating ESG risk factors audit mechanism when establishing business relationship, and more active actions will be taken in 
customers communication and the invitation of using perpetual financial products and services, including Green Industry/Enter-
prise ,Loan Green Consumption Loan, Green Credit Card and relevant consulting services, in order to enable customers to 
actually participate in ESG actions through every financial behavior; it will continue to monitor whether customers are in 
violation of ESG, and take corrective measures to reduce the negative impact of goods and services on the environment and 
society after the establishment of business relationship.
Green consumer loans
Urban renewal and reconstruction of urban unsafe and old buildings
Public Welfare/Green Credit Card
ESG fund＊1
Individual financial customers＊2
1,010
38
69,558
62
143,846
●○ Percentage of customers invited to interact or participate in ESG engagement in 2022
Item
Number of households
＊1：15 Select ESG funds that comply with the EU's Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation (SFDR) in 2022.
＊2：Number of housing loan, credit loan, and credit card loan customers in 2022.
SSP5-8.5
Region
Impairment
amount
Scenario
Year
Unit: Million NTD
801
575
518
924
537
519
1,714
1,059
943
SSP1-1.9
Region
Xindian District,
New Taipei City
Neihu District,
Taipei City
Xizhi District,
New Taipei City
Xindian District,
New Taipei City
Neihu District,
Taipei City
Xizhi District,
New Taipei City
Xindian District,
New Taipei City
Neihu District,
Taipei City
Xizhi District,
New Taipei City
Xindian District,
New Taipei City
Neihu District,
Taipei City
Xizhi District,
New Taipei City
Xindian District,
New Taipei City
Neihu District,
Taipei City
Xizhi District,
New Taipei City
Xindian District,
New Taipei City
Neihu District,
Taipei City
Xizhi District,
New Taipei City
Impairment
amount
1,170
883
749
746
475
452
1,609
1,333
1,033
2030
2050
2090
＊：High impairment amounts are due to greater climate hazards or higher loan balances.
●○ Slope disasters
Top 5 townships and cities with the greatest loss
in value under 2030s SSP1-1.9
Top 5 townships and cities with the greatest loss
in value under 2030s SSP5-8.5
Proportion
49%

Product Review - Include ESG risks and opportunities into the evaluation items for product launch 
reviews
In order to prevent our provided financial products and services from causing negative environmental and social impact, 
subsidiaries in banking, securities, investment trust, and life insurance have incorporated ESG factors in the selection criteria 
for the release of financial products. Rigorous product review that caters to risk controls and sustainable social and environ-
mental development provides customers and investors the ability to pursue sustainable and long-term rewards. To fully 
understand product suitability, the financial products released by First Commercial Bank must utilize an evaluation chart to 
review whether ESG criteria are involved in significant negative ESG issues (such as air pollution, water pollution, violation of 
human rights and labor rights, poor internal control and unethical employee behavior, etc.) in combination with the competent 
authority's standards for ESG funds. The listing of ESG funds must pass review by the Financial Supervisory Commission and be 
listed in the dedicated ESG fund area on FundClear to prevent the act of greenwashing for listed products; After passing 
review by the proposing unit, relevant information is submitted to the "Financial Product Review Committee" for further review. 
Review items include at least the investment targets, ESG management guidelines, operating strategy, risks return and past 
performance, reasonableness of related fees, and suitable customer categories. The product risk ratings are established 
based on product characteristics and the product must obtain the approval of more than 2/3 of members in attendance before 
it can be launched and sold. In 2022 a total of 208 products were reviewed before launching, a total of 8 products were 
recalled and 100% of the launched products passed ESG review. The Bank must also implement anti-money laundering and 
counter terrorism financing regulations in the sales process and evaluate the compatibility of product risks and customer risks 
to ensure that the risks of the products sold are commensurate to the customers' risk tolerance to protect the interests of the 
customers and investors.
Additionally, we utilized green credit cards to organize the "Your First 
in Sustainability and Carbon Reduction" marketing campaign which 
invited customers to participate in the 9 major commitments to 
reduce carbon. The campaign encouraged customers to take 
designated public transportation and take action to protect our Earth. 
The number of green consumers and their spending amount were 
390,000 customers and NT$910 million, respectively
In 2022, nearly 6,600
customers responded to the 9 major
commitments to reduce carbon 
Fail to obtain
approval from
more than 2/3
of members
in attendance
Obtain
approval from
more than 2/3
of members
in attendance
Issuing institutions:
• Sustainable Development 
commitment
• Taiwan Stewardship 
Principles for Institutional 
Investors (domestic fund 
companies)
• Principles for Responsible 
Investment (PRI) (offshore 
fund companies)
• Anti-Money Laundering and 
Counter Terrorism Financing 
Risk Identification Table 
(Insurance)
Essential scoring items:
• Investment targets and ESG 
management policies
• Operating strategy
• Risk and returns
• Past performance
• Reasonableness of related 
fees
• Suitable customer type
It
cannot be
launched
Launch
• Select local and seasonal ingredients to reduce the energy
   consumption of food transport or storage
• Prioritize walking and public transportation
• Use eco-friendly utensils
• Refrain from using air conditioning/heaters whenever possible
• Apply for electronic bills, re-use paper or envelopes
• Reduce waste when shopping by determining your wants and needs
• Turn off power when not in use
• Properly sort and separate garbage
• Encourage friends and family to join the green movement
67
Preliminary evaluation by the
proposing unit
Product Review Meeting

68
4-1 Corporate Banking / Investment Business
Corporate finance - ESG-related products and their respective proportions
6,637.56
243.17
11,113.03
61.92
Item
ESG/Green Finance
Sustainability Linked Loan
Corporate loan financing balance
Percentage (%)
ESG Products and Services
GRI：201-1、203-1、FS1、FS2、FS3、FS7、FS8、FS11、FS14、FS16
SASB：FN-CB-240a.1、FN-CF-000.A、FN-CF-000.B
 Unit: NT$100 million
G
S
G
S Preferential Financing Projects for Six
Core Strategic Industries 
Amount
35
530
6.60
Item
ESG-based fixed-income product
issuance amount
Total issued monetary value of
fixed income products
 Unit: NT$100 million
G
G
S Sustainable financial bonds
Amount
Green finance bonds 
6.75
17.99
37.52
Item
Financing for ESG-based
entrepreneurship investment
consulting services
Volume of entrepreneurial
investments and consulting services
 Unit: NT$100 million
G
S Invest in companies involved in industries
such as eco-friendly green energy,
biomedicine, and medical supplies
G Solar power plant construction services and
consulting services for the operation and
entrusted management of power plants
Amount
Green
G
Social
S
Sustainable
S
Sustainable Financing of Renewable Energy,
Preferential Financing Projects for Green
Industries and Corporation 
ESG Infrastructure Financing
Product content description
Product content description
Product content description
Percentage (%)
Percentage (%)

69
We provide the following products and services with environmental benefits to help companies reduce pollution or resources 
waste in the production or service process:
Green Finance
To help companies reduce the pollution and resources waste in the production or service process, First Bank launched the 
"No.1 Promoter in the Energy Industry" financing program in 2010 to support energy service companies (or "ESCO Industry"). 
First Bank also used the "Renewable Energy Sustainable Loan" in line with the "Million Solar Roof" policy by Bureau of Energy, 
Ministry of Economic Affairs (MOEA) and the power purchase guarantee from Taiwan Power Company to achieve three wins 
for the equipment user, supplier, and the Bank. To implement Green Renewable Finance policies and to coordinate with the 
"Productivity 4.0 Industry Transformation Loan" policy of government, First Bank issued "Loans for Green Sustainability-based 
Industry Transformation", helping Taiwanese corporations transform, and catch up with the global market trend of low-carbon 
production. Furthermore, FFHC organized "Green Finance Committee," with our President as the chairman in March 2017. The 
committee is responsible for setting up policy goals and reviewing the results. It is also responsible for incorporating the green 
industry financing projects mentioned above, and expanding the scope of green financing to "Green industries" and "Green 
enterprises". In 2018, the applicable scope was expanded to overseas branches across the globe to help achieve conserva-
tion of the local environment and help local industries complete their low-carbon transformation.
ESCO industry
Loans for power, water and fuel-saving projects and equipment
Green industry: Provide 15 industries, including the "solar power
generator," "wind power generator," "LED," and "bio-fuel" with
discounted loans
Green enterprise: Provide all industries with discounted loans for
reducing pollution or resources waste generated during the
production or service process
Green enterprise and green
industry
First Bank actively supports national policies and renewable 
energy financing. In 2022, the solar PV syndicated loans 
organized or co-organized by First Bank totaled NT$39.696 
billion, and the amount of syndicated loans provided by First 
Bank totaled NT$4.882 billion. The total installed capacity 
was 449.57MW and the annual power generation is approxi-
mately about 562 million kWh. The projects reduce annual 
carbon emissions by approximately 299,500 million tons 
CO2e each year which is equal to the carbon absorption of 
769 Da'an Forest Parks. 
In coordination with the government's energy transformation policy and net zero 
goal, First Bank has co-sponsored the joint loan of a solar photovoltaic power 
plant. A plot of land unsuitable for agriculture from Taiwan Sugar Corporation 
was selected as the site for a ground-type solar power plant, utilizing a public 
bid to select a suitable vendor for leasing. The borrower is responsible for the 
development of this project which is expected to achieve a total device capaci-
ty of 178.21MW and reduce approximately 118,700 tons of CO2e annually.
Case Study
4.08
Fishery
and electricity
symbiosis
5.74
Waste-to-energy
9
Offshore
wind power
30
Solar and
wind power
1,105.55
2022＊
1,930.72
950.16
2021
1,697.25
758.15
2020
Credit
Balance
Credit
Balance
Credit
Balance
Approved
amount
Approved
amount
＊：Includes green financing loans from overseas branches in the amount of NT$20.067 billion and balance of NT$9.858 billion.
Green
financing
Renewable Energy Creation Loan Help business owners to purchase renewable energy equipment
Unit: NT$100 million
Unit: NT$100 million
1,335.93
Approved
amount

70
ESG Infrastructure Financing
First Bank is dedicated in our support of domestic transportation infrastructure by actively financing construction projects for 
mass transit tools such as Taiwan High Speed Rail and Taipei Metro. This relieves the domestic north-south transportation 
capacity, improves the regional transportation of remote areas, and boosts transportation around airports to promote the 
development of travel and transportation both domestically and abroad, promote Taiwan's economic development, and 
improve benefits for the general public.
Preferential Financing Projects for Six Core Strategic Industries
In order to support the developmental requirements of key national policies and industries in the implementation of the 
Executive Yuan's "Program for Promoting Six Core Strategic Industries", First Bank initiated the "Preferential Financing Project 
for Six Core Strategic Industries" in 2022 to provide for the funding requirements of daily operations, R&D, plant expansion, 
transformation, and other various stages of operations for customers in the six core strategic industries.
Sustainable performance-linked credit project
In order to be in line with international ESG trends, First Bank launched the “sustainable performance-linked credit project”, 
which differs from green loans in that the funds can be used without being confined to specific purposes. Through long-term 
monitoring of ESG indicators, connecting corporate borrowers’ sustainability performance in controlling greenhouse gas 
emissions, electricity, energy, and total waste, etc. to loan interest rate pricing. The Bank will reduce the financing costs if the 
borrower meets the relevant ESG performance indicators to encourage corporate borrowers to actively manage their low-car-
bon transformation risks and support corporate borrowers that implement ESG governance in this engagement manner. The 
credit accounts tracked in 2021 accounted for a total decrease of 142,622,700 tons CO2e and conserved 71.2126 million kWh 
of electricity for the year.
Unit: NT$100 million
2021
2020
251.53
268.47
First Bank coordinated and sponsored the "Sustainability Performance" joint loan of 
NT$13 billion to Ennostar and their subsidiary Epistar. The project provided funding 
for plants, machinery, and equipment to increase the application of green energy 
and achieve the goals of reduced pollution, water conservation, and energy conser-
vation in the fulfillment of the financial industry's social responsibility. Also, the NT$9 
billion "Sustainability Performance" joint loan was sponsored for Chen Loong Corp. 
to manage and perform annual reviews of the company's indicators such as 
"recycling rate of industrial paper" and "proportion of alternative fuels" to issue 
corresponding adjustments to interest rates, thereby supporting the customer in 
combining strategic goals for operations and sustainability.
Case Study
ESG Infrastructure Construction
Loan Balance
223.21
2022
626
2022
49
Unit: NT$100 million
439
2021
20
Sustainable performance-linked
credit project
• Computers and 
their components
• AI
• IoT
• Media production
• Broadcasting and 
information 
communication 
service industry
• Semiconductors
• AI
• 5G
• Nutritional 
supplements 
and foods
• Drugs
• Hospitals/clinics
• Healthcare 
services
• Aviation
• Ships
• Aerospace
• Photovoltaics
• Fuel batteries
• Wind power 
generation
• Biofuel
• Energy
• Daily 
commodities
• Medical care
• Food
• Disaster relief 
resources
• Gravel and 
cement
Information and
Digital Industries
Precision Health
Industry
Green and Renewable
Energy Industry
Strategic
Stockpile Industries
National Defense and
Strategic Industries
5,407.38＊
Cybersecurity
Industry
1,741.94
250.70
1,831.85
2,644.09
3,128.65
686.82
＊：Excludes double counting.
2022 Financing balance
Unit: NT$100 million
Approved amount
Approved cases
Approved amount
Approved cases

71
Green Bonds and Solar Energy Fund
First Bank has continued to increase its proportion of investments into 
green bonds each year, taking actions to support invested companies 
in achieving their low carbon economy and carbon reduction plans as 
well as comply with the Green Bond Principles of the International 
Capital Market Association (ICMA), Sustainability Bond Guidelines 
(SBG), and Taiwan's "Taipei Exchange Operation Directions for 
Sustainable Bonds" in the issuance of green/sustainable development 
bonds and obtaining third party verification. Additionally, First Consult-
ing raised and managed a green energy fund of NT$780 million and 
First venture Capital also invested NT$333 million in the construction of 
solar power plants with a total installed capacity of approximately 
66.5MW. Once the power plants are completed, they are expected to 
reduce 66,500 tons CO2e of carbon emissions each year, which is 
equivalent to the annual carbon sequestration of 170 Da'an Forest 
Parks.
●○ Investment balance of sustainable
           development bonds in the past three years
NT$/100 million
67
2022
101
2021
2022
2020
152
Currency
TWD
Issuance
amount
(Million NTD)
Balance of
2022
(Million NTD)
1,000
1,000
Main purpose
Provide enterprise loans for the production
and construction of renewable energy
Issuance
date
Issuer
Bond type
2020/3/27
Green bonds
First Bank
TWD
1,000
1,000
2021/12/8
Sustainability bond
First Bank
• Provide enterprise loans for the installation 
of solar PV or wind power generation 
equipment
• Support small and micro enterprises to 
carry out project loans
TWD
1,500
1,500
2022/9/19
Sustainability bond
First Bank
4-2 Retail Banking / Personal finance
Retail Banking - ESG related products and their respective proportions
234.48
176.54
6,570.55
6.26
Product Descriptions
Item
Balance of green/ESG consumer loans and financing
Urban renewal financing loan balance
Total retail banking business loan balance
Percentage (%)
Green consumer loans, e-speed loans
Urban renewal financing projects and financing projects
for the reconstruction of dangerous and old buildings.
Unit: NT$100 million
Amount
4,535.8
9,300.4
48.77
Product Descriptions
Item
ESG/Green Financing Balance for SMEs
Total loan balance for SMEs
Percentage (%)
Preferential Loans for Green Industries and Green Enterprises
Preferential Loans for Six Core Strategic Industries
Unit: NT$100 million
Amount
G
G
S
122.51
70.8
2,681.66
7.21
Item
Compliant to a fund scale of more than 4 globes (inclusive) in the Morningstar Sustainability Rating
Unit: NT$100 million
Amount
Scale of listed ESG funds
Total assets under management (AuM)
Percentage (%)

72
Green / ESG Loans
Green / ESG Consumer Loans
In order to guide customers into adopting low carbon products, First Bank has launched "Green Consumer Loans" which 
targets the procurement of green energy or energy saving products (e.g.: green architecture, hybrid vehicles, electric vehicles, 
energy-saving appliances, etc.) in customers to provide preferential interest rate loans, thereby increasing incentives to procure 
green energy or energy saving products. Additionally, to build a paperless digital financial environment and meet the demand 
for zero contact financial services due to COVID-19, the "e-speed loan" service was launched so that customers could apply for 
loans through the internet from the comfort of their own homes.
Urban renewal
We use core businesses of the finance industry to promote environmental sustainability. Since the launch of its urban renewal 
financing businesses in 2009, First Bank has provided financing loans for regular construction, encouraged applicants to apply 
for the Green Building mark, and provided financing guarantees for green building projects. We launched the "preferential 
financing loans for accelerating the reconstruction of dangerous and old buildings" in 2017. Old buildings that meet the criteria 
in the "Statute for Expediting Reconstruction of Urban Unsafe and Old Buildings" or "New Taipei City Simple Urban Renewal or 
Disaster Prevention Renewal" are eligible for preferential loan applications for reconstruction with business units of First Bank. 
Applicants may receive full loans for the reconstruction and related fees with a maximum period of five years. And working 
hand in hand with the re-invested related company East Asia Real-Estate Management Company to provide comprehensive 
financial services of one-stop service for urban renewal, so that homeowners can have no worries in the reconstruction 
process.After urban renewals, the renewed buildings must meet the greening indicators; lower the emission of waste heat, 
carbon dioxide, methane and waste water as much as possible; transform into communities of energy saving, carbon 
emissions reduction, and eco-friendliness; and establish all-win situation for the environment, residents and the Group. To date, 
a total of 105 projects related to urban renewal and reconstruction of dangerous old buildings have obtained Green Building 
Labels of silver or above and are expected to decrease carbon emissions by approximately 4,200 tons CO2e.
124.09 / 38
1,350.5 / 165
3,157
Self-managed urban renewal and the reconstruction of
dangerous and old buildings
Developer-consolidated urban renewal and the reconstruction
of dangerous and old buildings projects
Landowners benefited
 Unit: NT$100 million/Case
2022
Item
Year
72.65 / 20
801.38 / 116
2,555
2021
68.57 / 16
507.13/ 65
2,466
2020
First Financial Holding has designed a comprehensive plan for disadvantaged 
communities. In 2022 First Bank partnered with East Asia Real Estate Management 
Company, a reinvestment affiliate, to implement self-renewal construction projects for 
sea-sand houses in Beitou District, Taipei City. The project assisted approximately 65 
land owners in the tearing down and reconstruction of sea-sand houses by perform-
ing construction engineering management, financial auditing, and consulting services 
for continuing construction. Throughout the construction period, land owners were not 
required to put up funds for reconstruction but ultimately generated income of 
NT$2.69 billion and is expected to decrease CO2e emissions of 2.7 tons per year. The 
project constructed safe and comfortable homes that assisted with government 
policies such as beautifying the city and improving living environments.
Case Study
122.26
112.22
Related Products for Green / ESG Consumer Loans
• Green consumer loans (provide customers with funding for the
   purchase of green energy or energy-efficient products)
• E-speed loans (create a digital financial environment and provide customers
    with convenient online application services for consumer loans)
Unit: NT$100 million
Balance
1,010
13,247
Number of
households
Category
The
Environment

ESG / Green financing for SMEs
First Bank supports domestic enterprises through long-term coordination with credit guarantees of the SME Credit Guarantee 
Fund of Taiwan to expand financing services to domestic SMEs and earning the 14th "Credit Guarantee Gold Award" in the 
2022's Credit Guarantee Financing Business for SMEs in addition to striving for the low carbon transformation and sustainable 
development of SMEs. We actively undertake green industries and enterprise loans to act as the financial backing of SMEs as 
they shift towards net zero. We also support the enterprise development of long-term care SMEs, having undertaken 55 SME 
accounts for the financing of long-term care enterprises in 2022. We will continue to inject capital into projects that provide 
benefits to society and our environment as we join with borrowers to develop ESG sustainable business opportunities.
Public Welfare / Green Credit Card
First Bank consistently appropriates a fixed proportion of public welfare/green credit card customer spending to the promotion 
of environmental protection and charity events. We initiated the "carbon reduction label" certification program to track the 
carbon reduction throughout the life cycle of credit cards. In 2022, the "Join First for Sustainability and Carbon Reduction" 
marketing campaign (refer to the chapter on Responsible Finance) was launched to practice eco-friendly measures with our 
customers.
In 2022, First Bank assisted a hotel SME in Kaohsiung with development of their renewable energy business, providing 
the capital for the business to install roof-type solar power generation equipment in the Luzhu Industrial Park of Taoyuan 
City; the total device capacity is estimated to be 1920kWp. Currently, the business has accumulated over 50 project sites 
across Taiwan for total power generation of up to 51MW; of these, 19 plants are in operation, generating 10MW of 
power and achieving annual revenue of over NT$30 million. Additionally, 5 power plants currently under construction will 
offer a capacity of approximately 7MW and is expected to inject annual revenue of approximately NT$40 million. Aside 
from supporting businesses in achieving stable income outside of their core business, the project establishes mutual 
benefits by also promoting national development of green energy.
Case Study
12.65
4.58
Approved loans in 2022
Balance of loans in 2022
Unit: NT$100 million
Financing of long-term
care enterprises
Item
1,160.53
667.95
Green Finance
156,787
Unit: NTD thousand
Accumulated
donation
amount
Content
Card type
Carbon
footprint
/ card
Proportion
to the
whole
2022
Number of
cards in
circulation
500g
CO2e
900g
CO2e
17.70%
265,397
5,503
0.36%
5,390
Living
Green
Card
Donate 2‰ of domestic payments made with the card to the 
First Bank Culture & Education Foundation for charity programs 
dedicated to environmental sustainability and carry out the 
“Green Light to Spread Love” program to assist remote 
elementary schools and social welfare organizations replacing 
energy-saving LED lamps.
Leezen
Card
Donate 6‰ of domestic and overseas spending with the card to 
the “Tze-Xin Organic Agriculture Foundation” and the “Bliss and 
Wisdom Foundation of Culture and Education” to promote the 
idea of organic, pesticide-free vegetables, assist organic 
agriculture, and restore land.
Yilan
Card
Donate 3‰ of domestic payments with the card to Yilan County 
Government for use in social welfare, tree planting and tree 
protection activities to provide care for disadvantaged groups in 
such County and environmental protection.
Donate 3‰ of domestic payments made with the card to 
Taoyuan County Government for use in promoting innovative 
smart city applications including smart water resource recycling 
cloud integration platforms, green transportation, diverse energy 
integration systems, and regional resource and circular 
economy industry chains to create a smart, energy-efficient, 
green, and low carbon city.
Glory+
World
Card
Donate 1‰ of the domestic payments made with the card to 
the First Bank Culture & Education Foundation to sponsor 
education activities, school lunches, classes after school, etc. 
for disadvantaged schoolchildren in remote areas through 
the “Edusave” platform of the Ministry of Education.
＊：1. First Bank does not provide pre-paid card products.
       2. In 2022, the total number of valid credit card customers of First Bank was 691,301, and the number of cards in circulation reached 1,499,813.
       3. For the social and environmental benefits of credit cards, please refer to the chapter “Social Impact - Public Welfare Strategy”.
73
Environmental conservation
Taoyuan
Card
Social Welfare

74
Sustainability Investment Product
FFHC integrates core competencies to support the transformation to a low-carbon economy and 
makes full use of the influence of the financial industry for sustainability. We provided the following 
products or services in 2022 that benefited the society and environment:
As of the end of 2022, First Securities Investment Trust has issued 4 funds that are above average (4 
globes) and comply with the Morningstar Sustainability Rating note as well as 6 funds that meet the 
high end (5 globes) Morningstar Sustainability Rating for a total scale of NT$12.251 billion, account-
ing for 13.4% of the funds offered by First Securities Investment Trust.
●○ ESG products of First Bank and First Life Insurance
The assessment, development, and listing operations of funds and insurance products consider ESG 
factors. All ESG funds listed by First Bank are compliant with the laws and regulations of the compe-
tent authority; The linked objects of First Life Insurance's investment type policies prioritize green 
funds compliant to the EU's SFDR. In 2022, First Bank and First Life Insurance listed a total of 154 ESG 
and investment type policy funds.
3.74
5.88
3.35
37.04
12.60
11.34
15.15
4.81
1.18
27.42
Unit: NT$100 million
Fund Name
Category
Rating
First Securities Major Global Trends Fund
First Securities Small Selection Fund
First Securities OTC Fund
First Securities AI Global Precision Medicine Fund
First Securities Innovative Trends Fund
First Securities Global AI FinTech Fund
First Securities Global eSports Fund
First Securities Global Fitness Fund
First Securities Global Real Estate Securitization Fund
First Securities Taiwan Industrial 30ETF Fund
AuM
＊：Morningstar includes 3 major ESG factors in their rating of sustainable investments. The grading is classified into 5 
tiers (bottom, below average, average, above average, and high end) represented by 1 to 5 globes. A rating of 5 globes 
represents an investment combination with extremely low ESG risks while 1 globe represents an investment combination 
with extremely high ESG risks.
Active
Passive
●○ Asset scale of ESG funds under the management of First Bank
＊：All ESG funds comply with the domestic competent authority's definition of ESG funds.
Unit: NT$100 million
Funds compliant to the laws and regulations of the
domestic competent authority/total number of listed funds
Green (linked objects) funds compliant to the EU's
SFDR/number of listed (linked objects) funds
First Bank
22.35%
25%
75%
First Life Insurance
AuM of all wealth
management products
1,767.6
Percentage (%)
4
AuM of ESG funds＊
70.8
●○ First Securities Investment Trust offers Morningstar Sustainability Rating compliant fund asset
            management at a scale of 4 or more globes

75
4-3 Inclusive Finance Products and Services
In response to the UN's promotion of financial inclusion for micro enterprises, low income households, residents of remote 
areas, disadvantaged women, youths, the elderly, and those with disabilities, basic financial services are provided for the goal 
of sustainable development. First Financial Holding continues to develop various products and services that support disadvan-
taged groups and provide them with a channel to obtain funding and financial services.
Content of Products and Services
Number of
customers in
2022
9,734
Transaction
volume in
2022
139,865
80
756
4,845
9,315
1,010
1,189
29
57
32
64
Products
Recipients
of Services
Low Income
Households
Low Income
Households
Residents
in Remote
Areas
Micro
Enterprises
Residents
in Remote
Areas
In order to practice fair treatment of customers, fulfill our corporate social 
responsibility, and reinforce measures for accessible financial services, the 
banking business is waiving processing fees for overseas remittance/deposits 
for vulnerable customers (low/medium income households).
In order to practice fair treatment of customers, fulfill our corporate social 
responsibility, and reinforce measures for accessible financial services, the 
banking business is waiving processing fees for overseas remittance/deposits 
for vulnerable customers (low/medium income households).
The 9 sub-branches (including Chorm Chaov, Olympic, Chamkamorn, Toul Kork, 
Chraoy Chongvar, Mean Chey, Siem-Reap, Phsar Derm, and Sen Sok sub branch-
es) under the jurisdiction of First Bank's Phnom Penh branch offers a service 
network that provides local residents with convenient savings account services 
such as allowing customers to utilize internet/mobile banking to review details of 
their time deposits; in order to practice fair treatment of customers, forms related 
to deposit business are simultaneously provided in Chinese, English, and Khmer 
at each branch (including sub branches) to facilitate customer use.
Low Income
Households
A variety of mortgage and credit products are provided for individuals whose 
income is below NT$185,000, satisfying funding needs such as financial 
planning, home renovations, housing or car purchases, marriage, starting 
families, and children's education for this specific group.
Residents
in Remote
Areas
A variety of mortgage products have been planned for residents of remote 
areas as defined by the Ministry of the Interior. Plans offer the maximum period 
of 30 years and a grace period for repayment to alleviate the financial 
pressures of residents in remote areas looking to purchase homes.
For small scale enterprises, preferential/standard loans and young entrepre-
neur loans are provided to small and micro enterprises in coordination with the 
Ministry of Economic Affairs' Small and Medium Enterprise Administration to 
offer loan conditions at superior interest rates (one year fixed deposit rate plus 
annual interest rate of 0.79%) compared to standard loans. Additionally, 
enterprises are provided with a maximum quota of NT$3 million for operation 
turnover with the preferential condition of lower processing fees and only 
requiring 1 principal as guarantor The loan balance in 2022 is NT$3.222 billion.
In order to increase the participation of middle aged and disadvantaged 
women with lower incomes in the workforce and relieve the funding pressures 
at the onset of entrepreneurship, we have coordinated with the Ministry of Labor 
to offer micro entrepreneurship phoenix loans that provide enterprises with a 
maximum quota of NT$2 million for operation turnover and without interest for 
the first 2 years; borrowers with special status may even enjoy the first 3 years 
without interest and 1.5% partial payment by the Ministry of Labor from the 4th 
year onwards. This reduces burden on borrowers through benefits such as an 
interest rate applicable to the 2-year mobile rate of Chunghwa Post +0.575% 
without the need to provide a guarantor or processing fees; For unemployed 
middle-aged and middle-aged entrepreneurship loan borrowers, benefits such 
as a maximum quota of NT$2 million for operation turnover and no interest for 
the first 3 years followed by 1.5% partial payment by the Ministry of Labor from 
the 4th year onwards with a maximum subsidy period of 7 years massively 
decreases burden on borrowers; other benefits include interest rate applicable 
to the 2-year mobile rate of Chunghwa Post +0.575%.
The 9 sub-branches (including Chorm Chaov, Olympic, Chamkamorn, Toul Kork, 
Chraoy Chongvar, Mean Chey, Siem-Reap, Phsar Derm, and Sen Sok sub branch-
es) under the jurisdiction of First Bank's Phnom Penh branch offers a service 
network that provides local residents with convenient checking account services 
including internet/mobile banking services (e.g.: view interest rates, view deposit 
balance/details, designated/non-designated wire transfer and remittance, and 
a service interface that can be changed to display Traditional Chinese, English, 
and Khmer). in order to practice fair treatment of customers, forms related to 
deposit business are simultaneously provided in Chinese, English, and Khmer at 
each branch (including sub branches) to facilitate customer use.
Unit: Households/Number
Loans
Savings Accounts
Content of Products and Services
Number of
customers in
2022
Transaction
volume in
2022
Products
Recipients
of Services
Unit: Households/Number
Checking Accounts
Disadvan-
taged 
Women

●○ Social Impact Indicators of First Financial Holding's Non-Financial Support in 2022
64%
66%
68%
70%
72%
74%
76%
78%
80%
Financial Literacy
FinTech Literacy
Willingness and
Habits for Saving
Convenience of
Saving Services
Business
Management Insights
Financial
Planning Capability
＋80%
＋80%
＋75%
＋75%
＋70%
＋70%
Aside from striving to provide various groups with fair and accessible financial products and services, First Financial Holding 
is actively combining core businesses to offer diverse non-financial support, such as training and seminars, free of charge. 
Relevant incentives are offered to encourage disadvantage groups into using financial products and services to fulfill the social 
responsibility of the financial industry.
1,420
1,420
1,621
3,504
208
213
396
396
53
53
210
210
6,145
6,145
Youth
Groups
Elderly
Groups
Coordinate with government policy to offer the "Young Families" loan which 
provides citizens who are first time home buyers with an NT$8 million quota 
home loan for up to 30 years with the option of one or two stage variable 
interest rate or hybrid fixed interest rate to help youths achieve their dream of 
purchasing a home and realizing housing justice.
"Reverse mortgages" are designed for elderly groups over the age of 60, 
allowing them to mortgage existing real estate to the bank, which will offer 
monthly payments during the mortgage period to provide the funds necessary 
for daily life. In 2022, the number of newly undertaken "reverse mortgages" 
amounted to NT$1.4 billion, accounting for 0.96% of newly undertaken 
mortgages.
Elderly and
Individuals
with
Disabilities
Customers hand their property to the bank, allowing the bank to manage and 
utilize trust property in accordance with agreements to guarantee the future 
life, healthcare, and care of elderly customers. In 2022, First Bank earned the 
distinction of 1st place in Group A of the Elderly Care Trust Award for the 
"Evaluation of the First Trust Industry 2.0 Trust Plan". A total of 39 cases were 
undertaken in 2022 amounting to a trust asset balance of NT$18.511 billion, 
accounting for 1.97% of the total trust business. For customers above 55, the 
cumulative number of elderly trust beneficiaries for every 10,000 account 
holders is 207 people.
Low Income
Households
"Micro insurance" has been launched to care for the financially disadvantaged 
and groups with specific identities, hoping that the relatively low premiums will 
provide the most basic assurances for members of disadvantaged families.
Residents
in Remote
Areas
In order for residents in remote areas to enjoy comparable insurance 
protections as the general public, "micro insurance" and "micro lifetime 
insurance" has been marketed towards customer groups in remote areas.
Micro insurance is provided to low income women, allowing relevant groups 
to enjoy comparable insurance protections as the general public.
In order to create an environment that facilitates young entrepreneurs in 
obtaining the funding necessary to start their business, we've coordinated with 
the Ministry of Economic Affairs to offer the "Young Entrepreneurs Seed Money 
Loan". The loan provides enterprises with a total financing quota of NT$16 
million for operation turnover and benefits such as interest rate applicable to 
the 2-year mobile rate of Chunghwa Post +0.575%. Additionally, preferential 
loan conditions such as only requiring 1 principal as guarantor is provided for 
loans under NT$1 million for enterprises in which 95% guarantee is obtained.
Content of Products and Services
Number of
customers in
2022
Transaction
volume in
2022
Products
Recipients
of Services
Unit: Households/Number
Loans
Insurance
Trust
Disadvan-
taged 
Women
76

Training in Financial or Digital Literacy
• Remote Areas: Each year, First Securities visits remote areas to provide FinTech training as well as financial examination 
services to residents in areas that lack financial resources. In 2022, 111 customers across Yuanlin City of Changhua County, 
Fengyuan District of Taichung City, Luzhu District of Kaohsiung City, Toufen City of Miaoli County, and Penghu County were 
provided with FinTech training.
• Youth Groups: The "Research Award for Financial Innovation and Sustainable Finance" was organized to encourage young 
students to strive towards academic research and financial innovation. Scholars from various sectors and industry experts 
from across Taiwan were invited to form a judging committee to issue a total of 16 awards, including gold, silver, bronze, 
excellence, and merit awards. These active efforts to deepen industry-academia exchanges and FinTech training is for the 
purpose of producing a reserve of future talent.
Providing Incentives for Savings Accounts
• Remote Areas: Active development of mobile banking apps in developing countries and least developed countries such as 
Cambodia and Vietnam. By increasing the digital convenience of financial services, the willingness to save will increase in 
local residents.
• Youth Groups: iLeo digital accounts, with their cute and intuitive interface design, have been developed for younger groups 
to provide discounts such as small amount deposit amount from NT$100 to NT$120,000 (inclusive) enjoying 2% high current 
interest rates, and adopting monthly interest payment method to encourage the habit of saving amongst younger audiences.
• Persons with Disabilities: All business units of First Bank offer accessible environments and facilities such as "accessible 
service counters", "service bells", and "accessibility slopes" as well as dedicated receptionists to help guide disabled individ-
uals in conducting various financial operations. Information such as real-time exchange (interest) rates and standard 
business fees are provided on "exchange (interest) rate billboards" and "electronic bulletin boards" and offer more 
convenient saving services for persons with disabilities.
• Foreign Nationals: First Bank's accessible financial services allow customers of various cultures and nationalities to receive 
professional financial services based on kindness and compassion. As of December 2022, the Bank has implemented 62 
bilingual branches, 11 of which provide services in Chinese, English, and Japanese. Each year, 25 additional bilingual 
branches are implemented in order to complete full bilingual coverage for all 188 branches across the nation by 2028.
Technical Assistance
• Microenterprises, disadvantaged women: First Bank has partnered with Industrial Technology Research Institute ("ITRI") so 
that the institute may provide enterprises with counseling in terms of patents, technologies, and market conditions while the 
bank handles financing loans for technology, intellectual property, or other matters. Also, long-term support for microenter-
prises has been provided in coordination with the Workforce Development Agency. Consultation and services for micro 
startup businesses, female entrepreneurs, and pre/post loan operations are provided by dedicated consultants stationed at 
the Ministry of Labor. Furthermore, the Bank has partnered with Taiwan Small & Medium Enterprise Counseling Foundation 
(Taiwan SMECF) to co-organize annual counseling and planning seminars for the purpose of improving the financial compet-
itiveness of SMEs. Expert economists or business owners are invited to provide two-way communication and counseling 
services in the aspects of industry, economy, and technology.
Business Management Tools or Training
• Micro Enterprises: First Bank has partnered with Taiwan SME Counseling Foundation (Taiwan SMECF) in coordination with 
the government's development policy to support small, medium, and micro enterprises by providing them with financial 
examination and diagnosis counseling services. The plan hopes to elevate small, medium, and micro enterprise customers 
through comprehensive financial planning, thereby ensuring they are financially sound. In 2022, financial examination and 
diagnosis counseling services were provided to 50 small, medium, and micro enterprises; each year, enterprise seminars 
are organized to provide overall economic and industry trend analysis to small, medium, and micro enterprises in an 
attempt to cultivate business insights in business owners. In 2022, a total of 7 seminars were organized.
• Micro enterprises, low income households, residents of remote areas, disadvantaged women: The "Daily Fan" column 
offers professional articles on business management, managing investments and finances, industry trends, and financial 
knowledge to support young entrepreneurs with improving their professional job skills, thereby increasing their success rate 
of entrepreneurship.
77

78
5-1 Information Security Management Framework and Strategies
In order to comprehensively improve digital financial business and information security management efficiency, the Company 
has hired two Ph.D.s with backgrounds in computer science and information management as directors and set up a Chief 
Information Security Officer, which is assumed by the former director of the National Center for Cyber Security Technology of 
Executive Yuan and deputy director of the CyberTrust Technology Institute of the Institute for Information Industry. It is in charge 
of the Information Technology Department and is responsible for the planning, establishment, promotion and management of 
the Group’s information systems and information security control measures, as well as the sharing and integration of related 
resources.
Information security and privacy protection
GRI：418-1
SASB：FN-CF-220a.1、FN-CF-220a.2、FN-CF-230a.1、FN-CB-230a.1、FN-CB-230a.2、FN-CF-230a.3
Please refer to the MOPS for the Declaration on
Overall Information Security of each company
We established an IT Development Committee with the president of FFHC as the chairperson. Committee members include 
vice presidents, the head of the Information Technology Department, presidents of subsidiaries, and vice presidents responsi-
ble for IT operations (or managers with an expertise in IT). The IT Development Committee is convened regularly to discuss 
and review IT development, IT security and management issues at each subsidiary. To comply with the authority's rules, banks, 
securities, investment trust and life insurance subsidiaries have included the overall implementation of information security in 
2022 into the internal control system statement, and such companies' chief information security officer or the supervisor or top 
supervisor of the dedicated unit responsible for information security and its chairman, president, chief auditor, and the head 
office's legal compliance officer jointly issued the internal control system statement.
IT
development
committee
Duties
• The discussion on the Group's information development strategy
• The discussion on the Group's information framework
• The discussion on the Group's information safety regulation
• The planning on the Group's information resource compilation
• The discussion on the subsidiaries' information development and
   information investment plans and their review of effectiveness of
   enforcement
• The follow-up and review on the Group's information technology
   related major contingency reports
• Other information management coordination works of this
   Company and between the subsidiaries
Vice President/ 
Chief Information 
Security Officer
IT Department
First Securities
Board of Directors
First Securities
Investment Trust
Board of Directors
First Life Insurance
Board of Directors
First Bank
Board of Directors
Vice President/Chief 
Information Security 
Officer
Digital Security 
Department
Vice President/ Chief 
Information Security 
Officer
Information Unit
Operations 
Department 
Information Unit
Information 
Department 
Security Control Unit
IT Development Committee
The President
FFHC Board of Directors
Director with IT background - Chun-Hung Lin,
Hsin-Lu Chang

79
The FSC published the “Financial Information Security Action Plan” in 2020. To provide secure, convenient, and uninterrupted 
financial services, the FFHC, bank, securities and life insurance  have implemented relevant planning and handling as follows:
Execution results
Execution measures
Execution
Schedule
Completed
Encourage financial institutions 
exceeding a certain scale or 
Internet-only banks to appoint a 
Chief Information Security Officer
FFHC has set up a Chief Information Security Officer in 2022. First Bank and 
First Securities have set up Chief Information Security Officers in 2021 and 2022 
respectively. All were assumed at Vice President level.
Two years
Encourage the appointment of 
Directors or consultants with 
information security background 
or information security advisory 
teams.
The Digital Security Division of First Bank has set up an “Information Security 
Advisory Team”, which has recruited two external information security experts 
from academia as members of the team. The team provides decision-making 
advice for information security framework, development blueprint planning, 
major information security incidents and information security implementation.
Two years
Encourage financial institutions 
to assess the maturity of their 
information security governance
First Bank has cooperated with the Financial Information Sharing and Analysis 
Center (F-ISAC) in evaluating the Cybersecurity Assessment Tool (CAT), and has 
produced the F-ISAC Taiwan’s version of cybersecurity maturity assessment.
Continuous
Encourage financial institutions 
to adopt international informa-
tion security management 
standards and obtain related 
certifications
First Bank, First Securities, FSITC and First Life Insurance have all introduced the 
ISO 27001 information security management system. First Bank and First Life 
Insurance also have acquired BS 10012 Personal Data Management System 
certification and First Bank has already imported ISO 20000 IT Service 
Management System and enhanced the effectiveness of information operation 
and information management through third party independent external 
institution’s inspection and review.
Continuous
Encourage financial information 
security personnel to obtain 
international information 
security licenses
First Bank’s Digital Security Division has established a KPI for adding two 
international information security licenses each year. First Securities also set up 
a management goal that all personnel of information security units shall 
acquire information security licenses, and this goal has been accomplished for 
three years in a row.
Continuous
Encourage financial holding 
companies to establish 
computer information security 
incident response team
In 2022, the “Computer Information Security Incident Response Team” was 
established and the “Computer Information Security Incident Response Team 
Establishment Guideline of First Financial Holding Co. Ltd.” was enacted.
In order to support business development of the Group, make sure effective use of information resources and secure safety of 
the information system and operation, the amended “Information Management and Safety Policy”＊ approved by the board in 
2022 stated that the Company and its subsidiaries shall according to its industry peculiarities enact relevant information opera-
tion management regulations. Furthermore, the IT Management Guidelines was established in coordination with information 
management related laws and regulations to strengthen the information systems, network equipment, and data security of 
FFHC and subsidiaries, and also to strengthen internal control functions. Provisions on the use and security of IoT equipment 
were added to the Information Security Management Regulations in response to the requirements of the Bankers Association 
of the Republic of China on IoT equipment. The Internal Control System contains detailed rules and manuals for information 
security/online security risks, including application system operations management, hardware and environment management, 
network management, webpage management, e-mail security management, computer user access rights management, 
disaster recovery procedures, subsidiary supervision and computer file preservation, storage and processing principles.
＊：In May 2022, “Information Management Policy and Guidance” is renamed as “Information Management and Security Policy and Guidance”

In order to immediately knew the efficiency of handling information security incidents, the Company has enacted the “Informa-
tion Security Incidents Report Operation Rules” for companies of the Group to follow, the procedure to handle information 
security incidents is stated as follows:
When department being 
the point of contact 
receives a report, it 
shall report to relevant 
supervisors according to 
the level of incidents
Unit where the incident 
occurred shall enforce 
relevant responsive 
measures and recover 
plans and report back 
to the Company on the 
process and outcome of 
handling
The department in 
charge of being the 
point of contact shall 
follow-up on each 
improvement measure 
and review whether or 
not the recovery plan is 
sufficient, in order to 
close the case
When the Company or 
its subsidiary has an 
information security 
incident, it shall report 
immediately, and the 
Company's point of 
contact shall immediate-
ly register after it 
received such report
Determine the level
Enforce responsive
measures
follow-up and close 
Report
5-2 Information Security Measures
To ensure the security of the IT operating system, network, and data, and ensure continuity of operations, the Company 
established the "IT Operating Management Guidelines" and "Guidelines for Disaster Recovery Plan" which serve as the basis 
for emergency response for IT operations. The Company executes disaster recovery drills every six months. In order to enhance 
handling mechanisms of major information security incidents, in 2022, the Company enacted the “Computer Information Securi-
ty Incident Response Team Establishment Guideline of First Financial Holding Co. Ltd.” and established the “Computer Informa-
tion Security Incident Response Team”, which appointed the Information Security Officer of the Company to be the convener, 
the head of the Information Technology Department of the Company to be the vice convener, the information security supervi-
sors of the Information Security Section of the Information Technology Department, the Information Planning Section of the 
Information Technology Department and the subsidiaries to be the Team member, and divide the Team into five groups to be 
receptively in charge of responding, handling, contacting externally and safety managing information security incidents.
Project Manage Section
Information Security
Operation Section
Public Relation Section
Business
Continuous Section
Incident
Handling Section
Vice Convener
The head of the Information Technology Department
Convener
Information Security Officer
80

To build the right concepts of information security among employees and encourage them to abide by related regulations, the 
Company organized 61 information security training sessions in 2022 which were attended by 30,173 people with 121 total 
training hours. Details are shown in the table below:
The Company enhanced information security education to prevent malicious programs from penetrating the Company's 
information system through social engineering. First Bank, First Securities, First Securities Investment Trust and First Life 
Insurance organized 2-4 social engineering drills irregularly within the scope of security monitoring for all employees. The 
employee test coverage rate was 100% and drill items included opening mail, clicking on the link, delivery receipt, opening 
the attachment, and successful phishing. For units that have not passed the drill and employees with insufficient information 
security awareness, in addition to strengthening education and training and information security dissemination, information 
security-related items such as the completion rate of the drill and the occurrence of information security hazards causing the 
Company or its subsidiaries to be severely punished by the competent authority are listed as annual performance appraisal 
indicators for employees. Those who fail to meet the standard will face performance bonus reduction in the current year 
according to the Company’s Employee Bonus Rules to reduce the risk of threats due to potential weaknesses. In 2022, FFHC 
and subsidiaries did not experience material incidents that require reporting or IT infrastructure incidents that cause damage 
to revenue. They were also not imposed penalties by the competent authority.
To ensure the security of network and information systems and provide customers with secure automated services, First Bank, 
First Securities, FSITC and First Life Insurance have all obtained the ISO 27001 certification. The subsidiaries commission a 
certification unit for annual renewal and triennial re-certifications to maintain the effectiveness of their certificate, so as to 
provide more secure financial products and trading procedures.
Training
Recipients
Hours
Sessions
Course Content
Social Engineering protection training, Internet browsing security, social 
media information security risk dealing, introduction to the information 
continuous operation management, BEC fraud, Social Engineering on 
email practice and other information security issues needed to be 
aware of in the IoT time, etc.
Total
Number of
Trainees
34.5
24
26,419
The latest trend of hacker attack and case sharing, learning about 
Personal Data protection management system and BS 10012:2017 
international standard training, OWASP Mobile Application Security 
Testing Guide (MASTG) and the new version of MASv3.2 testing points 
training, operation system and software development safety, etc.
86.5
37
3,754
121
61
30,173
Regular
employees
IT personnel
81

To enhance information security resilience, First Bank continues to purchase the "information system illegal conduct insurance" 
to mitigate the financial losses of the penetration of the system. It also appoints an independent third party to conduct informa-
tion security evaluations, examine the completeness and appropriateness of existing control measures for the overall computer 
system, and uncover potential information security threats and vulnerabilities. This provides the basis for implementing control 
measures in technical and management aspects to build key defensive capabilities in information security, including continuing 
the transitioning of core systems, expanding the capabilities of backup centers through containerized security protections, 
automating deployment of firewalls, optimizing the integrated code, and expanding platform support for accounts with special 
permissions etc. Additionally, the organization of "Red Team Exercises" utilized the strategy of third party infiltration or white 
hat hackers in goal oriented themed exercises. These Red Team Exercises allow external cyber attacks that expose the security 
strength of network environments and application systems, the effectiveness of defensive equipment, management systems 
and implementation of procedures, the rationality of surveillance scope, and appropriateness of response time; in 2022, no 
incidents of information security or data leaks occurred in the Group.
Drill results
●○ First Bank's information security emergency response plan
Emergency response plans and drill scenarios
Time drill was
completed
2022/04/01
1. Response plan and procedure practice for abnormal ATM withdrawal incidents :
Emergency response measures to simulate the bank's ATM being stolen by hackers.
Met expectations
2022/10/23
2. Response plan and procedure practice for website under DDoS attack :
Simulated emergency response measures for branches under DDoS attack by hackers.
Met expectations
2022/03/07
3. Local backup plan for servers :
Simulated emergency response measures for switching to backup servers of the Taipei 
Center when servers in the Taipei Center malfunction. 
Met expectations
2022/08/31
4. Phishing websites and Phishing application (APP) information security prevention emergency 
response plans and drills :
A scenario simulation of the emergency response plans and drills when the bank's external 
website and application (APP) is attacked by hackers to be phishing websites or APP
Met expectations
2022/09/17
5.Remote backup plan for servers :
Simulated emergency response measures for switching all information services to the 
Taichung Center when the Taipei Center encounters a disaster.
Met expectations
2022/10/27
6.SWIFT abnormal remittance response plan and procedure practice :
Simulated emergency response measures for when hackers hack the SWIFT system and 
transfer funds.
Met expectations
Measures
●○ First Bank take the following measures according to the UK General Data Protection Regulation (UK General Data
            Protection Regulation) and EU General Data Protection Regulation (EU GDPR) :
Steps
Designate a Data
Protection Officer (DPO)
Retain outside counsel
to provide consulting
service
The chief compliance officer of London branch will be the DPO; The Frankfurt branch will 
require a consultant company to appoint a coordinator to be the DPO.
In order to make sure that the protection of Personal Data of UK and EU residents is in 
accordance with GDPR and EU GDPR relevant regulations in the International Data Transfer 
Agreement (“IDTA”) and the Standard Contractual Clauses (“SCC”), the London branch has 
retained a law firm to conduct Transfer Risk Assessment (“TRA”) and draft International Data 
Transfer Agreement (“IDTA”), the Frankfurt branch has retained a consulting company to 
review SCC clauses.
Forbid cross-border
data flows in
accordance with GDPR
The London branch and the Frankfurt branch has already signed IDTA and SCC and has 
conducted cross-border data transfers under their framework.
To establish a report
mechanism when there's
a Personal Data breach
in accordance with GDPR
To complete a response, report and prevention mechanism when there's a Personal Data 
breach, and conduct a Personal Data incident response drill at least one time every year.
01
02
03
04
82

Except that the domestic units of First Bank shall follow EU General Data Protection Regulation (EU GDPR) and relevant regula-
tions, other overseas branches shall also follow regulations policies of competent authorities of each country (for example: UK 
General Data Protection Regulation (UK GDPR)) and in order to request employees to follow Personal Data Protection Act, the 
breach of Personal Data has been included into deduct items of business units’ evaluation and personal punishment will be 
made according to the degree of seriousness of the violations.
First Bank highly value the security of their customer's Personal Data, in order to 
manage Personal Data, First Bank and First Life Insurance acquired “BS 10012 
Personal Data Management System certification” and continue to renew such 
certification every year, in 2022 First Bank has one information and data breach case 
fined by competent authorities (see Appendix: sustainable operation index) the 
number of customers impacted is 1, the amount 
of the fine is 50,000 NT Dollars, however, 
employee training is strengthened and the case 
was properly handled, also we give a 100% 
supervision to the use of customers’ data, about 
3.4 million (36.93%) customer data were second-
ly used without violation of relevant regulations 
and agreements with customers (for example to 
promote the quality of products/services, etc).
The Company and its subsidiaries has enacted Personal Data protection policy or guidance in accordance with relevant 
regulations of “Personal Data Protection Act”, “The Safety Management Regulation of Personal Data Document held by 
Non-Government Agencies Designated by the Financial Supervisory Commission”, “UK General Data Protection Regulation 
(UK GDPR)” and “EU General Data Protection Regulation (EU GDPR)”.
5-3 The protection of clients’ privacy
Value customer privacy, FFHC and its subsidiaries has enacted Personal Data Protection Policy and Guidance, its relevant 
range, regulation, measures and internal controls is stated as follows:
Set up relevant Company personnel's rights to access Personal Data collected, processed, used when performing duties, 
management their contact of these Personal Data and agree with these personnel on their confidential obligations to 
strictly forbidden disclosure of Personal Data or customer's data.
• Include Personal Data breach information security risks as newly arisen risks, establish main risk identification, evaluation, 
risk reducing measures, supervision and management procedures and report newly arisen risks of the year to the 
President.
• Stated that all subsidiaries shall include Personal Data protection procedure into their internal control system, hold 
self-check periodically and audit units shall conduct checking for Personal Data protection.
• FFHC established the “Personal Data Protection and Management Committee”, which the President is the chairman to be 
in charge of promoting and supervising the operation of Personal Data protection and management system, and 
established the “Personal Data Incident Response Team” in order to effectively respond to and handle Personal Data 
incidents which is inspected externally by accountants every year.
• To announce confidentiality measures for customers' information on the front pages of the companies of the Group’s 
websites and specify the range and measures of confidentiality to each confidential documents (including paper and 
electronic documents), diagrams, messages, computer programs, media or objects.
• When Personal Data is stolen, tampered with, damaged, lost, leak or when there's other major Personal Data security 
incident, the Risk Management Department and the Compliance Department shall be notified and the Financial Superviso-
ry Commission shall be notified within 72 hours of such incident.
• Conduct periodical training to employees, in 2022 the Group has conducted Personal Information Protection Act training, 
GDPR and customer privacy training and other related trainings to all employees, the total number of employees trained 
is 10,145 and the total hours trained is 6,515.5 hours, the completion rate is 100%.
• Shall at least inspect Personal Data protection policy once a year in order to keep up with latest governmental laws and 
regulations, rules of industries, information technologies and business development of the Company.
＊：Include employees of the Company, temp worker sent by the temp agency and appointed institution which has appointment relationship with the
Company and personnel of such institution.
83
Policies
The range of
protection
Regulations and measures
Internal
control

84
6-1 Board Structure and Operation
The board members of First Financial Holding are re-elected every 3 years 
through a "candidate nomination system". The qualifications of all 
candidates for directors and independent directors is reviewed by the 
board before they are elected from a list of candidates at the sharehold-
ers' meeting, thereby ensuring that the nomination and selection 
procedures of directors is open and transparent.  Additionally, the Compa-
ny has established targets for the board meeting attendance of all 
directors to exceed an average of over 85%; the actual attendance of 
independent directors must exceed 80%. In 2022, 12 board of directors 
meetings were convened with an average attendance rate of 98.86% for all 
directors (100% when including attendance by proxy) and more than 80% 
for all independent directors, thereby fulfilling their supervisory duties.
1. Diverse board members
After analysis of the Company's development of operations in the future, a 
diversity policy must be implemented to address the Group's emerging 
risks. The Company's directors possess industry and professional 
knowledge in banking, insurance, securities and laws, accounting, finance, 
tax affairs, technology, or risk management. Generally speaking, directors 
are capable in operations, management, leadership, accounting, financial 
analysis, crisis management, and decision-making as well as possessing 
plenty of knowledge in global market perspectives, industries, and risk 
management.
The Company's 7th-term board of directors is composed of 10 directors 
and 5 independent directors. Currently, including the Chairman and 
President, there are a total of 8 female directors who make up 53% of all 
directors; this is higher than the female director ratio (14.47%) of publicly 
listed companies in Taiwan.
Corporate governance 
GRI：2-9、2-10、2-11、2-12、2-13、2-15、2-17、2-18、2-19、2-20、
2-21、201-1、404-3、405-1
For 2022 attendance of board of directors meetings,
please refer to pages 41~42 of the Company's annual report

85
＊1：The following criteria and standards have been adopted for the external independence compliance of directors. Directors cannot be executive 
directors and must meet at minimum 4 of the 9 following indicators; they must meet at least 2 of the first 3 criteria
        • The director must not have been employed by the company in an executive capacity within the last year.
        • The director must not accept or have a “Family Member who accepts any payments from the company or any parent or subsidiary of the 
           company in excess of $60,000 during the current fiscal year”, other than those permitted by SEC Rule 4200 Definitions, including i) payments 
           arising solely from investments in the company's securities; or ii) payments under non-discretionary charitable contribution matching programs.  
           Payments that do not meet these two criteria are disallowed.
        • The director must not be a“Family Member of an individual who is [...] employed by the company or by any parent or subsidiary of the 
           company as an executive officer.”
        • The director must not be (and must not be affiliated with a company that is) an adviser or consultant to the company or a member of the 
           company's senior management.
        • The director must not be affiliated with a significant customer or supplier of the company.
        • The director must have no personal services contract(s) with the company or a member of the company's senior management.
        • The director must not be affiliated with a not-for-profit entity that receives significant contributions from the company.
        • The director must not have been a partner or employee of the company's outside auditor during the past year.
        • The director must not have any other conflict of interest that the board itself determines to mean they cannot be considered independent.
Title and Name
Core Items
of Diversity
Basic Composition
Age ＊3
Nationality
<50
>60
50-60
Professional Background and Ability
●○ Implementation of the diversity policy for the Company's 7th-term Board of Directors
Yue-Chin Chiu
Fen-Lan Chen
Chun-Yi Lee
Hsing-Jung Lo
Chih-Chuan
Chen
Hsin-Lu Chang
Shih-Yuan Tai
Li-Ling Yao
An-Fu Chen
Yen-Liang
Chen
Rachel J.
Huang
Chun-Hung Lin
Wen-Ling
Hung
Hung-Yu Lin
Republic of China, Taiwan
Finance
Finance
-
Finance
Finance
-
Finance
Finance
Chairman
Director
Director
Director
Director
Director
Director
Director
Director and
President
(＊1)
(＊2)
Finance,
Medical
Insurance,
Information
Technology
Independent
director
Independent
director
Independent
director
Independent
director
Independent
director
Finance
Finance
Finance
Finance
Finance
Refer to the Company's website for compliance
to external independence
＊2：Categorized by level 1 of the Global Industry Classification Standard (GICS Level 1).
＊3：The number of directors less than the age of 50 is 7%, those 50-60 years of age is 57%, and those over the age of 60 is 36%; the average tenure 
is 3.71 years.
＊4：Please refer to page 20~29 of the Company's Annual Report for detailed information on the Company's Directors and their 
        independence determined in accordance with the standards of domestic regulations
Gender
Law
Accounting
Finance
Tax
Technology
Risk
management
Economic
External
Independence
Industry
Experience

86
6-2 Board Functionality
1. Evaluation of board performance
In 2016, the Company established the "Performance Evaluation Method for the Board of Directors" 
to conduct annual internal performance evaluations for the board of directors. At minimum, a perfor-
mance evaluation should be conducted by an external professional and independent institution or 
team of expert scholars once every 3 years.  The average score of the internal performance evalua-
tion indicators of directors in 2022 was 4.93 points, resulting in the evaluation result of "excellent"; the 
internal performance evaluation indicators of the audit, remuneration, and ethical operation commit-
tees received an average score of 4.98 for the evaluation result of "Excellent". A report of can be 
checked in the 21st meeting of the 7th term of the board of directors from February 23, 2023
2. Training for directors
In order to improve the professional knowledge, capabilities, and decision making ability of 
directors, the Company's 2022 training roadmap for directors scheduled a total of 111 hours in core 
courses and professional programs to exceed the number of hours required by the competent 
authority.
2. Independence of directors and conflicts of interest prevention
"First Financial Holding Corporate Governance Best Practice Principles" clearly states that indepen-
dent directors may not serve more than 3 consecutive terms in order to facilitate their objective use 
of authority and to prevent a reduction of their independence due to prolonged tenure; currently, all 
5 independent directors have not served for more than 3 consecutive terms. Separate individuals, 
who are neither spouses or first-degree relatives, have been appointed as Chairman and President; 
furthermore, there are no instances of spouses or second-degree relatives between the directors.
“First Financial Holding Rules and Responsibilities of Independent Directors" provides clear terms 
stating "if independent directors have objections or reservations, they must be clearly documented 
in the board of directors meeting minutes", and "the Company may not obstruct, refuse, or avoid the 
execution of the independent director's duties. If an independent director finds it necessary when 
conducting duties, they may request the board of directors to assign personnel or independently hire 
a specialist for assistance, or request an internal audit to conduct special investigations or follow-up 
after the fact" to establish sound governance and system of independent directors, thereby allowing 
directors to express their function for the board and company operations.
Additionally, the Company's board of directors rules of procedure, the organizational rules of various 
functional (audit, remuneration, and ethical) committees, and managerial code of conduct include 
stipulations for directors or committee members to recuse from the discussion and voting of agenda 
matters in which individuals have personal interests or that which may harm the Company's interests.
Please
refer to the Company's website
for information on the continuing
education of all Directors in 2022
48.7%
Sustainable
development
8.1%
Finance and
accounting
2.7%
Structure and Operation
of the Board of Directors
Core courses
37.8%
Businesses and
commercial operations of
the Company's industry
Professional
courses
2.7%
Risk management and
internal control,
E-Governance
59.5%
40.5%
For director's recusal in motions
relating to their interests in 2022,
please refer to pages 42~43 
of the Company's annual report 
The results of performance
evaluations for the board
of directors from 2016 to 2022 are 
disclosed in the Company's website.

87
6-3 Functional Committees
In order to establish sound supervisory functions and reinforce management, the Company's board of directors began in 2011 
by establishing the specialized functional committees composed of independent directors such as the "Remuneration Commit-
tee", "Audit Committee", and "Ethical Management Committee". Each committee is authorized under their organizational rules 
to reinforce the board of director's supervision of finances, remuneration systems, and ethical management.
State of Operations in 2022
Committee
Year of
Establishment
2011
Remuneration
Committee
Audit Committee
• Three independent directors are committee members and Independent Director 
Chun-Hung Lin served as the convener.
• A total of 8 meeting was convened in 2022 and average attendance was 100%.
2012
• All of the Company's independent directors are committee members and Indepen-
dent Director Rachel J. Huang served as the convener.
• A total of 6 meeting was convened in 2022 and average attendance was 100%.
2015
• Three independent directors are committee members, Independent Director 
   Yen-Liang Chen served as the convener.
• A total of 2 meeting was convened in 2022 and average attendance was 100%.
Ethical Management
Committee
• Remuneration of directors: Director's compensation, monthly remuneration, health examination fees, and 
transportation fees (reimbursable).
• Director's compensation: The Remuneration Committee refers to the results of performance evaluations, 
operating performance, promotion and execution of sustainable development, and major incidents of risk 
for the board of directors (including independent directors) in the current year. A recommendation is 
proposed based on the stipulated distribution ratio determined by the Articles of Incorporation for review 
and approval by the board of directors before it is reported at the shareholders' meeting.
• Director's monthly remuneration: The directors' remuneration has been approved in the shareholders' 
meeting which authorized the Board of Directors to determine the remuneration of each individual 
Directors within a scope of NT$2,400,000 per month. The remuneration of the Chairman shall be 1.25 
times that of the remuneration for the President.
• Remuneration of independent directors: Monthly remuneration, health examination fees, and transporta-
tion fees (reimbursable).
• Independent director's monthly remuneration: The board of directors
   reached a resolution to compensate each independent director
   with NT$60,000 per month.
6-4 Remuneration Policy
Directors
Independent
director
Please refer to Pages 45~59 of the Company’s
Annual Report for information on the primary responsibilities,
members and attendance of each functional committee in 2022
1. Remuneration policy of directors (including independent directors) at First Financial Holding

88
2. President remuneration standards and approval procedures at First Financial Holding
Articles of Incorporation / Employee Salary Rules / Employee Bonus Rules / Employee Compensation Rules
Fixed salary : Standards, which are regularly reviewed by the Remuneration Committee, are proposed by the 
                    Remuneration Committee for approval by the board of directors
Floating wages : Elements such as measured operating (including financial and non-financial) performance, individual 
                         performance evaluations, and the Company's future risks are considered by the Remuneration 
                        Committee before a recommendation is proposed to the board of directors for approval
1. Performance bonus
2. Remuneration
If the Company was profitable during the year, then no more than 0.02% to 0.15% of the profits may be allocated as 
employees' compensation after deducting the employee and directors' bonuses from the pre-tax profits. The actual 
percentage is based on the target completion rate that year in terms of pre-tax profits, earnings per share, return on 
equity, return on assets, and comparison with other financial institutions.
Indicator
Contents of indicators
2022 Achievement status
First Financial Holding continues to advance in the field of sustainable development 
through world class standards, obtaining excellent performance in the 3 major 
global sustainability indicators of DJSI, MSCI, and FTSE. Through innovation and 
sustainable actions, First Financial Holding leads the group to improve our 
corporate influence and competitiveness.
• Select for 5 consecutive years as a constituent stock of DJSI World Index, 
selected for 7 consecutive years as a constituent stock of the "Emerging 
Markets Index", ranking at the top 1% of the global banking sector
• Awarded the highest rating of AAA in ESG Ratings for the banking sector by 
MSCI All Country World Index (ACWI)
• Included as constituent stock in the FTSE4Good Emerging Index on the London 
Stock Exchange for six consecutive years
• CDP climate change questionnaire achieved 4 distinctions in the highest score 
of "A", establishing First Financial Holding as the sole organization that has 
achieved 5 consecutive years at the Leadership Level in Taiwan's financial 
sector
• Joined PCAF and SBTi
• TCFD report published in 2021 received the highest BSI Level 5+ certification
• Rated as a top 5% listed company in the TWSE Corporate Governance 
Evaluation for the 7th consecutive year
• Selected by the Financial Supervisory Commission as the only public financial 
institution in the "Coalition of Movers and Shakers on Sustainable Finance"
• Both the capital adequacy ratio and double leverage ratio comply with 
standards set by the competent authority
• Total of 4 cases penalized by the Financial Supervisory Commission in 
subsidiaries First Bank, First Securities, and First Life Insurance
• Performance of 
corporate governance 
execution
• Results of sustainable 
development
• Results of corporate 
image and credit rating
• Asset quality
• Customer complaints
• Compliance and major 
incidents of internal 
control
Strategic
indicator
Risk
indicator
• Achievement rate of 
pre-tax surplus budget 
target
• Pre-tax surplus growth rate
Profitability
indicator
In
accordance
with ＊1
The achievement rate of this indicator score allocation is 101.54%
• Achievement rate of joint 
marketing revenue 
budget target
• Joint marketing revenue 
growth rate
Joint
marketing
indicator
The achievement rate of this indicator score allocation is 115.80%
• Reduction rate of 
operating expense ratio
Cost saving
indicator
The achievement rate of this indicator score allocation is 93.27%
• Management and leadership skills, judgment, ethics, and other competency indicators
• Compliance to government policies to achieve various targets in inclusive finance, green financing, 
responsible investment, cybersecurity management, and climate governance.
Other
indicators
＊1：All formulations and revisions of salary, bonus, and compensation standards of senior executives (including the President) must 
be recommended by the Remuneration Committee and reviewed and approved by the Board of Directors.
＊2：The President's salary (highest annual salary for an individual at the Company) in 2022 was 3.39 times the average salary of 
employees (excluding the President, the same applies in the following), 3.94 times of the median employee salary, and 0.46 
times the percentage increase compared to the percentage increase of median employee salary.
＊3：The Remuneration Committee is formed by all independent directors, please refer to the Company's website for information on 
the independence of directors. 
The ratio of fixed to variable salary of the President's remuneration＊2 was approximately 3:1 in 2022
Indicator
Pre-tax surplus
Earnings per share (EPS)
Pre-tax return on equity (ROE)
Pre-tax return on assets (ROA)
Benchmark
2022 achievement rate (%)
Proportion (%)
Title
President
Proportion of remuneration
Fixed salary (A)
4,416
75%
Total remuneration (A+B+C)
5,916
100%
Floating wages
Bonuses (B)
Bonuses (B)
0
0%
1,500
25%
Target value of the Company's budget surplus
Simple average value
of industry peers
60
15
15
10
100.45%
119.08%
110.47%
114.97%
Standard
Remuneration
Structure

89
7-1 Ethical corporate management execution status
The Company has established a "Guideline for Ethical Operations and Code of Conduct" as a policy for the compliance to 
ethical operations for enterprises and organizations within the Group. The guideline clearly stipulates anti-corruption and 
bribery, confidentiality mechanisms, antitrust and anti-competition practices, prohibits insider trading, and includes preventa-
tive measures to prohibit, supervise, and report unethical conduct. Regulations are in place to combine the ethical operation 
policy, employee performance evaluations, and human resource policy to enterprises and organizations within the group. 
Major violators of ethical conduct shall be punished according to the relevant laws or human resource management rules; the 
employee's job title, name, date of violation, contents of violation, and handling will be disclosed on Company's internal 
websites. In order to establish a clear and effective reporting and punishment system, the corporate governance group of the 
administrative management department shall plan and manage affairs relating to ethical operations; an "Ethical Management 
Committee", under the board of directors, will be established as a dedicated team to promote ethical operations. Three 
independent directors shall be appointed as members responsible for the establishment and revision of the Group's ethical 
operating policy. For the purpose of sound ethical management, the "Ethical Management Committee" will provide the board 
of directors with a report of the group's fulfillment and adopted measures in ethical operations once every six months. The 
report should also include regular analysis and assessment of the Group's risks in unethical conduct, establish plans to prevent 
unethical conduct, as well as the status of internal/external training for ethical operations and whistleblowing systems in the 
Company and all subsidiaries. Relevant departments should plan and propose response measures for key issues of ethical 
operations such as the practice of fair treatment to customers and protecting the consumer rights of disadvantaged groups 
such as the elderly and disabled. Relevant execution is as follows:
1. Ethical management policy formulation and plan
Revised the Company's "Guideline for Ethical Operations and Code of Conduct" in 2022 by adding provisions requiring the 
legal compliance department to act as the recipient of whistleblowing cases, thereby facilitating each company within the 
Group to implement flexible adjustments according to the laws and regulations set forth by the competent authority. Subsidiary 
First Bank has established a "Rules for Implementing Accountability Systems for the High Asset Wealth Management Business" 
which clearly defines the basis of accountability, suitable subjects, and procedures of the high asset wealth business; an 
"Accountability Committee" has been established at the board of directors level to manage accountability in the high asset 
wealth management business to comply with the Financial Supervisory Commission's requirements to reinforce accountability 
management in high asset wealth businesses. Also, the "Investigative Procedures and Supervision of Abnormal Behavior or 
Transactions by Financial Specialists" as well as the establishment of an "Independent Investigations Task Force" provide 
effective surveillance and reduction of fraud. In order to implement sound management systems for intellectual property, First 
Bank passed certification by Taiwan Intellectual Property Management System (TIPS) on November 14, 2022 as a bank with 
TIPS certification (A grade) in both patents and trademarks.
2. Ethical corporate management education and training
The Company conducts education on regulations related to integrity management of subsidiaries through the "Group Chief 
Compliance Officers Meeting" quarterly. We urge subsidiaries to organize education, training, and promotion events related 
to ethical management for employees, and to communicate the group's ethical management policy and whistleblower system. 
In 2022, the group provides all employees worldwide with a total of 89,961 hours of education and training for 49,512 partici-
pants. Counterparts that do business with the Company are invited to participate in the activities, so that they fully understand 
the Company's unethical conduct prevention plans and zero tolerance policy.
Ethical Management and Fair Customer Treatment 
GRI：2-25、2-26、205-2、205-3、417、FS14、FS15、FS16
SASB:FN-CB-510a.1、FN-CB-510a.2、FN-CF-220a.1、FN-CF-220a.2、FN-CF-230a.1、FN-CB-230a.1、FN-CF-270a.4、
FN-CF-270a.5

90
2022
2021
2020
2022
2021
2020
2022
2021
2020
●○ Ethical Management Education and Training in the past three years
Total number of hours
Method
Persons/
Companies
Coverage Rate
(＊)
89,961
92,570
91,343.25
0.25
0.25
0.25
0.4
0.4
0.4
49,512
36,630
39,389
359
294
207
32
32
32
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
Target
Employees
(persons)
Suppliers
(companies)
Subsidiaries
(companies)
Year
Each subsidiary organized at least 
two ethical management training 
sessions
Advocated the Group's "Supplier 
Management Guidelines" to 
suppliers
Promoted during the quarterly 
"Group Chief Compliance Officers 
Meeting"
＊：Coverage Rate= Required Participation (Persons/Companies)/Actual Participation (Persons/Companies)
7-2 Whistleblower System, Process, and Results
A board of directors reviewed and approved "Implementation Rules for Whistleblowing Systems" is disclosed in the 
"Corporate Governance - Rules" on the Company website. Our subsidiaries each established a whistleblower system 
that was reviewed and passed by their respective board of directors.
The legal compliance department and internal audit unit/supervisor at the Company and subsidiaries is responsible for 
handling whistleblower cases
Any individual who discovers that an employee of this Company is suspected of a crime, fraud, or violation of laws may 
submit a whistleblowing report to the receiving unit by stating their real name, contact method, the specific incident, and 
supplementary evidence through written notice such as mail and email; whistleblowing can also be conducted by phone 
or personally recounting the incident. The receiving unit must establish records stating the details of each incident, real 
names, and contact methods.
The Company set up the "Stakeholder Communications" section on our official website and a whistleblowing section 
official website, and provides whistleblowing channels by telephone, email, and mail.
Compliance Department
Address: 18F, No. 30, Sec. 1, Chung King S. Rd., Zhongzheng Dist., Taipei City
Tel： 02-23481458    Complaint mailbox：compliance@fhc.com.tw
The "Whistleblowing Review Committee" ("the committee") reviews all whistleblowing cases and determines if they will 
be accepted. The committee may decide not to accept whistleblowing reports if it falls under any of the following circum-
stances:
• The whistleblower has not provided his/her real name and contact information. However, in cases where the content 
of the whistleblowing report is specific and there are verifiable materials, it still can be processed with care and 
discretion.
• The whistleblower' report does not fall under Article 3 as an accepted category of the implementation rules or is 
unrelated to the execution of business.
• The whistleblowing report is obviously made with malicious intent, is obviously false, or has no substantial content.
• The whistleblower was requested to provide or supplement the evidence materials within a certain period of time. 
However, the whistleblower failed to do so, which hindered the investigation.
• The reported matter is regarded as the same as a case that has already been investigated to completion, and the 
whistleblower has failed to present new facts or new evidence.
• The reported matter has been investigated by relevant judicial agencies, or is already under investigation by a court 
of law, or has been subject to non-prosecution or deferred prosecution, or has already received a verdict therein.
1. The committee approves acceptance of a case : The report should be registered confidentially and separate 
investigations should be established based on the contents and category of each report. The Investigation Panel is 
required to produce an investigation report within thirty days from the day after receipt. The investigation report shall 
be sent to the receiving unit within thirty days after the report is completed; this deadline may be extended if necessary.
2. Investigation method : Based on the necessity of the case, telephone, written review, or interviews should be 
performed. When an investigation is conducted, related units shall cooperate with the investigation and provide 
necessary documents and data. The information involving related parties in the reported contents and the data or 
information they provide must be kept strictly confidential and may not be leaked. The Investigation Panel may give the 
reported person an opportunity to make a statement verbally or in writing, which shall, in principle, be processed in a 
non-public manner.
Whis-
tleblowing 
Policy
Receiving 
unit
Whis-
tleblowing 
Channels
Whis-
tleblowing 
Methods
Case 
Accep-
tance 
Principles
Case 
Handling 
Proce-
dures

91
In 2022, the Company had no financial losses resulting from litigation involving fraud, insider trading, antitrust, anti-competitive 
behavior, market manipulation, corruption, or other violations of financial industry laws and regulations.
3.The Group's "First Financial Holding Code of Conduct for Directors and 
Managers" and "First Financial Holding Code of Conduct for Employees" 
include reports on the execution of agreement procedures by impartial third 
parties; the signature rate of directors, managers, and employees at the 
Company and all subsidiaries is 100%. Employees hired locally at subsidiary 
First Bank's overseas offices also achieved a rate of 100% of signing the "First 
Financial Holding Code of Conduct for Employees" offered in local languages 
(English, Simplified Chinese, Lao, Japanese, Vietnamese, and Cambodian).
The Group received 42 whistleblowing reports 
in 2022; of these, 22 did not fall into the catego-
ry of accepted whistleblower reports and were 
not investigated. The 20 remaining reports have 
been investigated and found not in violation of 
ethical management; all investigation results, 
review, and improvement measures have been 
reported to the board of directors in each 
company and have been reviewed by the 
Company's Ethical Management Committee.
3. Recusal in conflicts of interest : During the process of processing, investigating, deliberating, reviewing and reporting 
the whistleblowing reports, any person who has interests in individual whistleblower reports or other persons that may 
affect a fair investigation shall recuse themselves.
4. Notifying the results of investigation : The receiving unit shall update the whistleblower on the status of the investigation 
in writing or by other means within ten days after the investigation report is completed and approved. Where the 
whistleblowing report is transferred to a subsidiary for processing, the said subsidiary shall notify the whistleblower and 
submit a copy to the Company. The receiving unit shall send the investigation result to the head of the responsible unit 
of the reported person, and the unit head shall inform the reported person and take corrective action. If the reported 
person is the chairman, its supervisors/independent directors shall be notified.
5. Follow-up actions : Where a whistleblowing report is verified to be true or with an audit opinion, the inspected unit and 
the Company shall report it at the next month's board of directors meeting or the next board of directors meeting, submit 
it to the Company’s dedicated unit (Ethical Management Committee) for future reference, and comply with the following 
procedures:
• Related units shall be assigned to review the internal control system and operating procedures, propose improvement 
measures. A copy shall be submitted to the audit unit.
• The audit unit shall include the whistleblowing report in the most recent business audit items.
    Major incidents or illegal cases shall be referred to or reported to the Company and relevant authorities in accordance 
with the “FFHC Incident Reporting Guidelines” and “First Financial Group Compliance Notification Guidelines”.
6. Incentive measures : To encourage reports on illegal and unethical conduct, if a report is verified as true in an 
investigation, the Company shall grant a reward based on the severity of the reported violation; Where a whistleblower 
files a false report or a malicious accusation, the whistleblower shall be processed in accordance with related HR 
management rules.
7. Record retention : Documentation of case acceptance, investigation processes, and investigation results shall be 
retained in complete written format or digital files for at least five years. In the event of litigation related to the 
whistleblowing case before the retention period expires, the documentation shall continue to be retained until the conclu-
sion of the litigation.
Categories of
whistleblower reports
Number of cases violating
ethical management
Corruption and bribery
Discrimination
Confidentiality of information
Conflicts of interest
Money laundering or insider trading
Antitrust / anti-competitive practices
0
0
0
0
0
0
Case 
Handling 
Proce-
dures

92
7-3 Implementation of Fair Customer Treatment
The first step for financial industries to fairly treat their customers is to operate business by ethical management, therefore, the 
“Code of Conduct for Ethical Management” is enacted in accordance with the “Principles for Fair Treatment of Customers in 
the Financial Services Industry” and the “Friendly Financial Service Principle” to regulate companies of the Group not to 
damage rights of customers or other interested person when inventing, providing or selling products or services, to enact 
relevant operation procedures, code of conduct and to offer training. First Bank, First Securities, First Securities Investment Trust, 
and First Life Insurance have established the "Fair Customer Treatment Policy and Strategy", which were submitted to the Board 
of Directors of each subsidiary for review and approval. Audit opinions of internal audit units related to improvements on 
deficiencies in consumer protection are also included in semi-annual compliance reports submitted to the Board of Directors. 
In 2022, all companies have instructed their compliance units to complete the evaluation of the implementation status of the 
fair customer treatment principles and submit reports to their Board of Directors. First Bank was recognized by the FSC as top 
25% of “the Fair Customer Treatment Principles Evaluation Rankings" in 2022. In addition, each company has also established 
a dedicated committee to oversee the promotion and implementation of the “Principles for Fair Treatment of Customers in the 
Financial Services Industry”. They review the implementation status of the fair customer treatment principles every quarter or 
every six months and propose improvement measures to the board of directors of the companies and report to the Ethical 
Management Committee and the board of directors of the Company. They also organized related training for the "Principles 
for Fair Treatment of Customers in the Financial Services Industry" and a total of 10,195 participants completed the training 
with a completion rate of 100%.
In order to enhance the protection of rights of elderly people, persons with disabilities and other vulnerable financial custom-
ers, First Bank has included customer complaints or disputes arising under inappropriate promotion to vulnerable customers 
or violations into business units’ items for annual evaluation and into Compliance Risk Assessment (CRA) and Institutional Risk 
Assessment (IRA), it has also included “Banks’ service in practice to people suffered with dementia or likely suffered with 
dementia for references” announced by the Bankers Association of the Republic of China into “Friendly Financial Service 
Guidance Book”; What is more, in 2022, First Bank, First Securities and First Securities Investment Trust enacted financial service 
operation regulation or procedure for elderly customers, for example, to adjust KYC scores, to include factors more influential 
to elderly customers in product designs and to set cooling-off period for investment, etc., and also encouraged 160 employees 
to acquire certification for eldercare financial planning consultant; Also, for high-asset financial management business, an 
accountability committee was established, and the “Enforcement Rules of the Accountability system for High-Asset Financial 
Management Business of First Bank” was enacted and stated that the highest person in charge and the chief business officer 
may hold the responsible person accountable by the accountability system for a major violation or error in order to implement 
compliance, protect consumers and manage risks.
To protect consumers' rights and interests, banks, insurance, securities, and investment trust subsidiary companies all 
implement Know Your Product (KYP), During the first quarter of 2016, First Bank completely ceased offering complex high-risk 
products. Moreover, for structured products, in addition to issuing investment risk notices, we also formulate special notices for 
customers to ensure they fully understand the content of available products. In 2022, the Group had 6 sanctions by competent 
authorities and lawsuits related to product sales and services, with a total loss of NT$ 2.53 million (see appendix for details: 
sustainable operation indicators), the Group has improved the relevant deficiencies and added relevant control mechanisms, 
effectively enhancing the protection of consumers’ rights and interests.
First Bank
First Life Insurance
Fair Customer
Treatment Committee
First Securities
Investment Trust
Fair Treatment to
Clients Facilitating
Committee
First Securities
Fair Treatment to
Clients Facilitating
Committee
FFHC Board of Directors
Ethical Management Committee
Fair Treatment to
Clients Facilitating
Committee
Board of Directors
Board of Directors
Board of Directors
Board of Directors

93
In addition, establish consumer complaint and dispute resolution mechanism, aside from enacting “Customer Complaint 
Handling Operation Guidelines” and disputes resolution procedures for all types of businesses, the “Stakeholder Communica-
tions” item in the official website of FFHC has listed online customer service, 0800 free customer service hotline, business 
consulting service hotline and complaint mailbox, etc. What is more, First Bank built a 24-hour customer service hotline and 
email to directly contact with customers, it also built a “Friendly Financial Service Network” and the elderly hotline for the 
disabled and elderly customers, hoping that through different groups’ accustomed languages and speed of speaking, commu-
nications could be made smoothly. To be in accordance with competent authority's fairly treat customers evaluation mecha-
nism, in 2022 First Bank, First Securities, First Securities Investment Trust and First Life Insurance continue to improve customer 
complaint handling procedure, periodically compile and categorize major customer complaint cases and report to the board, 
also for cases which customer filed complaints through the Financial Ombudsman Institution, the type, number, amount of 
compensation and dealing of these cases were reported periodically to the board for their future reference.
In order to improve operation procedure to reduce customer complaints, in 2022 First Bank has included the effectiveness of 
the enforcement of customer complaints into business units’ performance evaluation, and built a customer complaint review 
system to request units which often committed errors to propose specific improvement measures and impose training to 
personnel who is ill mannered. In addition, a customer complaint area of the internal website is built to provide an analysis 
and statistical forms to the customer complaint cases for business units’ reference, in 2022, the total number of customer 
complaint cases received through all kinds of channels is reduced to 230, among which the number of cases through compe-
tent authorities is 183 (Appendix: sustainable operation index), most of the cases filed were able to complete customer calm 
and reply within time limit and customer opinions were analyzed, counted according to business types and then sent to 
relevant departments for improvement references.
7-4 Customer complaints and satisfaction surveys 
We value rating and suggestions for products or services by customers, every year we conduct complete sampling to savings, 
foreign exchange, credit, financial management, credit cards, insurances, securities, investments lectures, APP functions, etc 
and through phone calls, email surveys, activity pages, customer service or retaining market survey companies we conduct 
customer satisfaction survey, and since 2022 we has conducted an online satisfaction survey and disseminated information 
about fraud prevention to on-site elderly customers in order to protect their rights and provide a service more close to their 
needs. At the same time, we use Net Promoter Score (NPS) to count and relevant departments will conduct improvements on 
items of lower satisfaction scores and customer suggestions.
●○ Customer satisfaction survey of past years
First Life Insurance
First Securities 
nvestment Trust
First Securities
First Bank
89.9%
86.6%
87.1%
86.5%
86.2%
55.86 points
46.40 points
85.5%
85.4%
85.5%
85.2%
85.0%
53.58 points
53.50 points
96.6%
96.3%
96.3%
96.0%
96.0%
56.70 points
56.30 points
81.3%
73.5%
79.3%
83.9%
74.0%
14.70 points
10.00 points
＊：The samples drawn by each subsidiary covers the main business of each such company, which is sufficient to infer the current status of the overall
active customers.
2022 Performance
2022 Performance goals
2021 Performance
2020 Performance
2019 Performance
2022 NPS score
2022 NPS goals
Sampling coverage rate in 2022＊
Satisfaction
Survey Item
Improvement
The experience of visiting 
the counter and guest 
greeting, the convenience of 
digital channel services and 
the satisfaction of product 
marketing campaigns, etc.
• Include enforcement 
effectiveness of customer 
complaints into business 
units' performance 
evaluation; Establish a 
customer complaint 
review system.
• Set up an exclusive 
service section for the 
underprivileged.
Optimize transaction 
process, improve 
convenience and clear 
explanation by 
personnel.
Planning on acquiring 
an official LINE 
account, building a 
micro customer 
service, improve 
convenience for 
customers to search 
transactions and pay 
bills.
On-site customer 
satisfaction survey at 
participating locations 
and investment 
information services
• Improve transaction 
service system.
• Provide more 
complete online 
account open 
guidance and 
delivery binding 
service.
Investment information 
services
Sales personnel's 
attitude and familiarity 
with products
100%

94
7-5 Customer Care Events
To promote financial knowledge and improve different groups' ability to utilize financial tools and services, we strengthened 
the people's understanding of financial products and services and improved financial risk resistance. We organized various 
seminars that tour rural, urban and remote areas and provide customers with information on different financial products and 
offer investment analysis and advice. We promoted regional revitalization and community development while increasing the 
financial tolerance of the entire society to help customers start businesses, grow, live in happiness, and retire with security.
●○ 2022 Customer Care and ESG Engagement Activities
Reaching the Next Pinnacle of Corporate Success - Lecture Series
The Reaching the Next Pinnacle of Corporate Success - Lecture Series toured each industrial park, providing the latest financial 
information and investment advice, promoting regional revitalization and micro loans for female Entrepreneurs, green financing review 
principles and preferential loan programs for innovative industries and green enterprises, and sharing the measures and results in 
energy conservation and carbon emissions reduction.
Reaching the Next Pinnacle of Corporate Success Lecture and Dinner  (Hsinchu)
132 participants
 1 session
Financial Planning Workshop for Customers
Promote the correct consumer finance and wealth management concepts through financial product introduction, explanation of key 
topics and promotional offers.
First Bank business units 
5,652 participants
210 sessions in total
Financial Planning Clinic Seminar
FC personnel conduct one-on-one review of customers' assets and provide advice. The FC staff will conduct regular live broadcasts 
through thematic courses, and the financial consultants will train the branch’s wealth management team to strengthen the wealth 
management staff’s response to changes in the investment market.
31 branches throughout northern, central and southern Taiwan
611 participants
31 sessions in total
Financial Literary Seminar for Regional Communities
Provide customers in the metropolitan area with the latest financial product information and advice
Kaohsiung City, Taichung City, Chiayi City, Hsinchu City, Taoyuan City
125 participants
 5 session
Customer care investment checkup seminar in rural communities
First Securities organized customer care investment checkup seminars in rural communities to provide customers with information and 
recommendations of the latest financial products.
Yuanlin Township, Changhua County, Fengyuan District, Taichung City, Luzhu District,
Kaohsiung City, Toufen City, Miaoli County, Penghu County
111 participants
5 sessions in total
Wealth Management Seminar, Celebrity Wealth Management Seminar
First Securities Investment Trust promotes investment and wealth management concepts through wealth management seminars and 
webinars and introduced financial products and investment trends.
Financial management lecture and First Securities Investment Trust official website online lecture
Seminars and regular live broadcasts of financial management courses
Online thematic lectures to promote the popularization of financial knowledge
3 online seminars, 4 financial management lectures
1,124  participants
37 session
5,499 participants
7 sessions in total
Online and offline interactive course for environmental education
“The Story of Money, The History of Seals and DIY” and other online lectures and “Environmental Education Class. Carbon Reduction 
Pioneer Summer Camp”
Enterprises, government agencies and schools   
718 participants
27 sessions in total

8-1 Tax Governance Policy
The Company has followed the "Responsible Tax Principles" and established the "Tax Governance 
Policy" for the Company and subsidiaries of the Group to respond to international trends in tax 
governance and taxation information transparency. The Policy states that the Board of Directors is the 
highest-ranking taxation risk management unit and it is responsible for forming the tax governance 
policies and supervising the execution and effective implementation of tax governance policies. The 
Administration Management Department is responsible for tax management and it regularly reports 
the implementation status of tax governance to the Board of Directors. It also pays the income tax for 
profit-seeking enterprises certified by the CPA in accordance with regulations each year.
8-2 Tax Governance Risk Management
• Tax compliance risk and management : All subsidiaries of the Group file and pay taxes in accordance with tax laws. The 
Administration Management Department is responsible for compiling information and notifying subsidiaries for confirmation. 
The results are reviewed by the CPA of the Group and reported based on the internal hierarchical delegation of responsibili-
ties. The Administration Management Department is the tax management unit and it is responsible for conducting 2 indepen-
dent audits each year to ensure that tax personnel comply with internal operating procedures and tax laws for routine tax 
filing, filing for suspension of payment, annual filing and payment, and filing of various types of income. It is also responsible 
for reporting tax management to the Board of Directors.
• Tax law management : Related personnel are consulted on the latest changes in regulations each month. In the event of 
changes in tax laws, we actively inquire the opinions of other financial institutions and discuss response strategies with the 
Group's CPA to adjust internal operating procedures and related policies at appropriate times and ensure that internal 
operations and management are consistent with regulations.
• Improve tax governance capabilities : To ensure personnel responsible for tax governance are familiar with tax laws, the 
Group's CPA provides information on the latest developments in tax laws whenever necessary. Personnel also participate 
in external tax training courses whenever necessary to improve their professional skills.
• Publication of tax information : The Group's disclosure of tax information is based on the tax information in financial 
statements audited and certified by the CPA firm, and it is disclosed through public channels such as the official website and 
the annual report for the shareholders' meeting.
8-3 Stakeholder Management
A. Internal stakeholders : All related-party transactions of the Company comply with the Transfer Pricing 
Principles and are implemented in accordance with standards for arm's length transactions. The income is 
mainly derived from non-related-party transactions.
B. External stakeholders :
• Methods and channels for stakeholder engagement : The Company's main external stakeholder is the government's tax 
authority which directly affects the Company's tax compliance. The Company completes routine tax filing, filing for suspen-
sion of payment, and annual filing within the deadline. Where there are questions regarding tax affairs, the Company 
actively communicates and consults personnel of the tax authority. In the event of notifications regarding supplementary 
explanation for tax affairs, the Company immediately prepares related information and responds to stakeholders within the 
deadline.
• Methods for promoting tax initiatives : The Company's Tax Policy stipulates compliance with local tax laws and regulations. 
The Company mostly uses "exchange of ideas and proposals in the trade association" to discuss tax issues. The Bankers 
Association forms a consensus of a majority of members for the association or its Financial Holdings Tax Team to propose 
recommendations and communicate with stakeholders.
• We collect and consider the opinions of external stakeholders : With regard to the collection of opinions on tax issue drafts, 
the Company actively communicates and discusses with stakeholders. We also collect and compile the opinions of other 
financial institutions or consult the Bankers Association before proposing the Company's views within the deadline for the 
solicitation of opinions.
Tax Governance
95
GRI：207-1~207-4、FS1
Please refer to the
Company's website for
the Company's Tax
Governance Policy

96
8-4 Tax information by country
＊：
• Total effective tax rate 9.21%=(40,144/46,169)*6.63%+(2,367/46,169)*19.84%+(2,198/46,169)*20.09%+(1,222/46,169)*19.77%+(391/46,169)*26.61%+
(690/46,169)*31.67%+(121/46,169)*18.07%+(-1,505/46,169)*0.00%+(541/46,169)*16.58%
• Expected income tax rate refers to the weighted average of pre-tax profit and loss and statutory tax rate of each country; (pre-tax profit and loss in 
country A * country A's statutory tax rate + pre-tax profit and loss in country B & country B's statutory tax rate...)/(pre-tax profit and loss of countries A 
and B). If the pre-tax profit and loss generated by some countries is negative, they are removed from the table to avoid distortion.
• This table is based on the total number of members required by Article 22-1 (country-by-country reporting) of the Regulations Governing Assessment 
of Profit-Seeking Enterprise Income Tax on Non-Arm's-Length Transfer Pricing.
Revenues
164,700
4,332
3,973
2,262
773
1,758
806
395
1,656
Revenues
from
unrelated
party
Revenues
from
related
party
138,543
3,979
3,932
2,262
762
1,754
759
395
1,514
26,157
353
41
0
11
4
47
0
142
Tax
paid
Tangible
assets
2,801
117
391
236
104
241
22
101
81
Current
income
tax
2,663
469
442
242
104
218
22
-
90
Profit
and loss
before
tax
40,144
2,367
2,198
1,222
391
690
121
-1,505
541
9,359
260
182
179
30
19
20
20
146
41,453
443
730
158
32
9
8
10
159
Effective 
ax
rate＊1
6.63%
19.84%
20.09%
19.77%
26.61%
31.67%
18.07%
0.00%
16.58%
Estimated
income
tax rate＊2
20.00%
20.70%
28.59%
20.00%
26.75%
30.00%
19.00%
30.62%
20.90%
180,655 153,900
26,755
4,094
4,250
46,169 10,215 43,002
9.21%
20.31%
Country of
operation
Unit: million NTD, %
USA
Cambodia
Canada
Australia
United Kingdom
Japan
Others
Total
Revenues
Profit and
loss before
tax
Cash income
tax
91%
Taiwan
Australia,
1%
87%
Taiwan
63%
Taiwan
68%
Taiwan
Mainland China,
Hong Kong,
and Macao
3%
USA,2%
USA,10%
Canada,2%
Mainland China,
Hong Kong,
and Macao
11%
Mainland
China,
Hong Kong,
and Macao
5%
USA, 5%
USA,10%
Cambodia,6%
Canada,3%
Mainland
China,
Hong Kong,
and Macao
3%
Others,2%
Cambodia,1%
Cambodia,6%
Others,0%
Cambodia,
3%
Others,1%
Vietnam,1%
Japan,2%
Others,1%
Australia,
5%
Australia,6%
Vietnam,
2%
Current income
tax
Mainland Cina,
Hong Kong,Macao 
Taiwan
Number
of
employ-
ees

Prevention of money laundering, financial fraud and terrorism
financing
GRI：2-23、2-24、2-25
9-1 The Group's AML/CFT Management Framework
Formulate the Group's AML/CFT Culture - Board of Directors
Authority and
responsibility
Supervision
mechanisms
Handling
status
• Follow-up and report on improvements for audit deficiencies
• Report the AML implementation status every six months
Establishment and amendment of the AML/CFT Policy
The database utilized by the bank subsidiary's PEPs list compilation review system 
and comparison engine is from external supplier World Check and a self-construct-
ed list (collected from public PEPs information). Batch scans and comparisons are 
conducted for the list daily.
• Reporting the Group's AML/CFT implementation status and reviewing improve-
ment measures to the Risk Management Committee every two months
• Reporting the AML/CFT implementation status to the Audit Committee and the 
Board of Directors every six months
First Bank has set up a dedicated AML/CFT supervisor system to enhance the 
effectiveness of AML/CFT system and ensure stable business development.
Assigned dedicated officer — Chief Compliance Officer of the head office
Establishment of dedicated unit - Compliance Department
Assign supervisor
Authority and 
esponsibility
Authority and 
esponsibility
Authority and 
esponsibility
The Board of Directors assigned a Vice President to take charge of supervising the
Group's AML/CFT compliance status.
Establishment and management of the Group's overall AML/CFT plans.
First Bank assigned dedicated AML/CFT supervisors to 29 
domestic business units. Other domestic units that do not 
implement the dedicated supervisor system are assigned a 
deputy supervisor.
• Bank and insurance subsidiaries set up dedicated AML units to take charge of 
the planning, coordination, and management of AML/CFT mechanisms and 
reporting suspected ML/TF transactions; Bank subsidiaries also established the 
AML/CFT Committee to learn about the Bank’s ML/TF risks and the operations of 
AML/CFT plans
• Regularly organize Group’s AML/CFT education and training sessions every year 
to increase Group employees’ understanding and risk awareness of AML/CFT, 
and implement related preventive measures
• In order to strengthen the professionalism of the Group’s money laundering 
prevention, more than 90% of the heads and personnel of domestic AML units of 
FFHC, the banks, securities, investment trust, insurance subsidiaries and FCB 
Leasing have obtained domestic or international certificates
97
Implementa-
tion Results
Implementa-
tion Results
Implementa-
tion Results

98
2. Centralized suspicious transaction report (STR) project
First Bank began implementing the centralized suspicious transaction report (STR) project on May 25, 2020 to effectively 
monitor suspicious transactions and implement reporting operations. The alerts produced in the SAR module of the AML 
system are now directed to the dedicated unit of the head office for investigation, identification, confirmation, and reporting 
to enhance investigations, improve the quality of reports, and ensure that there are no omissions. Fully implemented on 
September 14, 2021.
3. Non-face-to-face customer due diligence
The bank subsidiary conducts a customer due diligence (CDD) procedure (as shown in the chart below) that has a similar 
effect to general CDD. Special and sufficient measures must be in place to mitigate risks and in principle, individual 
accounts must submit identification documents for the verification of identity, address, and to contact customers by phone 
or mail when necessary. In principle, non-individual accounts must submit business registration documents, operating 
permits, change of registration or similar documents, company policy, list of directors and shareholders, and evidence for 
the identity of substantial beneficiaries. Relevant specifications are set out in the “Group-wide AML/CFT Plan” and 
“Anti-Money Laundering and Countering Terrorism Financing Guidelines”.
●○ Anti-Money Laundering and Counter Terrorism Financing Organization Structure 
Audit Committee
Risk Management Committe
Horizontal communicatio
platform
Subsidiaries are required to 
regularly report their AML/CFT 
implementation status:
• Regulatory change management
• Audit results and improvements
• IRA report and plan
• AML management implementation 
status
• Structural and operational review 
and improvements
• Subsidiaries' implementation status
• Manpower assignment and 
training
• Key AML plans for next period
• STR de-identification case studies
• CDD information sharing 
implementation status
Report to
Board of Directors
Board of Directors
Senior management
(Group Chief Compliance Officers Meeting)
FFHC
Compliance Department
Risk Management
Division
FFHC Audit Unit
Convene meetings to discuss the implementation
status every six months Use communication form to
immediately forward related informatio
First Capital
Management
FCB Leasing
First Worldsec
Securities
First Commercial Bank
(USA)
First Bank
First Securities
First Securities
Investment Trust
First Life Insurance
Subsidiaries onsite visit
meetings
Management
mechanisms:
Including "horizontal
communication"
and "reporting
mechanisms
Regularly request subsidiaries to
report implementation status
Reporting mechanisms

AMC
22 persons
33 hours
Regular internal training 
that uses cases for 
learning
Life Insurance
54 persons
20.54 hours
Securities
Investment
Trust
56 persons
56 hours
Securities
129 persons
64.5 hours
Banks
2,388 persons
2,577.5 hours
FFHC
-
-
Computer training 
course self-evaluation 
form
795 persons
795 hours
451 persons
753.17 hours
-
-
-
-
The laws/regulations 
manager is responsible 
for company-wide 
internal network training
-
7 persons
7 hours
-
10,814 persons
19,396.5 hours
-
61 persons
61 hours
The laws/regulations unit 
provides face-to-face 
training
-
275 persons
275 hours
16 persons
16 hours
100 persons
50 hours
-
-
Face-to-face training by 
external institutions
12 persons
99 hours
161 persons
419 hours
-
67persons
317.5 hours
10persons
30hours
7 persons
13 hours
Mandatory annual 
training
62 persons
204 hours
-
1,907 persons
3,814 hours
309 persons
3,708 hours
8 persons
99 hours
Total
17,711 people attended the courses with a total of  32,808.71 hours
9-2 Implementation of Anti-Money Laundering and Counter Terrorism Financing
1. Education and training
To improve the abilities and performance of the group's employees in AML/CFT, categories of AML/CFT education and training 
courses organized by FFHC, First Bank, First Securities, First Securities Investment Trust, and AMC in 2022 are as follows:
Regulations on non-face-to-face account opening and transactions are explained below:
(1) First Bank's ATM services: All users are customers of the Bank.
(2) Offshore electronic payment: Restricted to the existing customers of the Bank and no online account opening 
services shall be provided.
(3) Digital deposit account: Limited to natural persons and sole proprietorships and the identity 
     certification methods are as follows:
• Natural persons: a. Individuals who are not existing customers of the Bank: Use the information
                                platform for identity authentication with a deposit account opened
                                in over the counter in another bank. 
                            b. Existing customers of the Bank: Use the basic information and
                                two-factor authentication for identity authentication.
• Sole proprietorship corporate accounts: Use the citizen digital certificate of the legal
    representative and the commercial organization digital certificate for identity authentication,
    and complete the authentication with a video call to open the account.
99

All aforementioned information shall require identity review, name review, and risk assessments in the account opening 
procedures by the branch.
Aside from reinforcing the identity verification mechanisms of the bank subsidiary, appropriate measures have been adopted 
in the conduct of CDD procedures such as verifying the purpose and nature of new customer accounts, primary source of funds, 
estimated number and amount of transactions, and an understanding of the involved scope of financial activities. Perform 
name authentication and risk assessment operations as well as regular annual verification of whether information of customers 
and substantial beneficiaries are comprehensive to ensure the authenticity and correctness of updated information.
●○ First Bank Customer Due Diligence (CDD) procedures are as follows:
• Entity 
subject to 
economic 
sanctions.
• An 
individual, 
legal entity, 
or organiza-
tion 
sanctioned 
by the 
Ministry of 
Justice in 
accordance 
with the 
Counter-Ter-
rorism 
Financing 
Act.
• Terrorists or 
terrorist 
organiza-
tions 
identified or 
investigated 
by foreign 
govern-
ments or 
international 
organiza-
tions
Where the customer's identity verification cannot be completed or where the customer
declines to provide verification
1. Check and authenticate
    customer identity
• Request application 
form foropening an 
account andbusiness 
dealings
• Request the customer's 
identification 
documents
• Establish 
non-face-to-face 
customer due diligence 
methods for electronic 
payment
3. Request information on
    senior management
• Request declaration 
from senior manage-
ment and beneficial 
owner
4. Understand the nature of
    therelationship and   
    purpose for dealing with   
    the customer
• Request the business-
dealing statement
2. Check and identify the 
beneficial owner
• Request declaration 
from senior manage-
ment and beneficial 
owner
• Request the Articles of 
Incorporation, 
shareholders list, and 
identification documents 
of the customer and its 
institutional sharehold-
ers for identification, 
and examine if bearer 
shares were issued
Retain the document
records above for 5 years
after the termination of the
business relationship
The
Bank's
system
specifies
customer
informa-
tion
Hit
No hit
The AML
system
verifies the
name and
the process-
ing
personnel
of the branch
manually
reviews the
comparison
and enter
results into
the system
Blacklist
Domestic
or foreign
PEP or
special
material
incidents
100
Medium and 
low-risk
customers
Maintain 
original
review level
High-risk customers
Adopt enhanced due diligence
(EDD) customer due diligence
measures and increase review
level by one level
Connect the customer risk factor
scores in the AML system and
immediately generate the
customer's risk rating
• File 
suspected 
money 
laundering 
and 
terrorism 
financing 
transactions.
• If the 
customer is 
on the 
Specially 
Designated 
Nationals 
List, report 
the customer 
and freeze 
the 
customer's 
assets.
Customers that opened new accounts or engage in new business dealings
Complete customer identity verification
Review
measures
completed
Review measures not
completed
Decline account opening
Approve account opening

(4) e-speed loan: In response to changes in consumer behavior models, the bank subsidiary offers 
comprehensive online financial loan services to customers, who may submit loan applications, 
upload documents, receive approval notices, online insurance, and receive funds into accounts 
and complete all procedures online without having to visit a bank location. Applicants are 
restricted to natural persons over 18 years of age and are citizens of Taiwan. If the applicant is 
not an existing customer at the bank, their identity shall be authenticated through savings 
accounts they have opened in-person at the location of another bank. Aside from uploading 
identification documents, customers must provide authenticated accounts (limited to accounts 
opened in-person at a bank location) from a verified bank and mobile number to perform 
identity verification procedures. The system must conduct identity review, name authentication, 
and risk assessment operations on all data. If in doubt, customers can be requested to authenti-
cate via video conferencing to increase the strength of identity verifications.
4. Policies, identification, regular review, and monitoring of PEPs and other high-risk 
    customers
Politically exposed persons serving in important political roles in a domestic or foreign government 
or terrorists or terrorist groups receiving economic sanctions or determined and traced by foreign 
governments or the international AML organizations, and individuals, entities, or organizations 
designated for sanctions in accordance with the Terrorism Financing Control Act are directly consid-
ered as high-risk customers. Before the aforementioned individuals establish or add business 
relations, the approval of the supervisor one level above the original approval level must be 
obtained. A subsidiary may define the types of high-risk customers based on its business type and 
in consideration of relevant risk factors. We require subsidiaries to periodically examine whether if 
they have sufficient information for identifying customers and beneficial owners, and ensure that the 
information is updated. For high-risk customers, the information must be examined at least once a 
year, and different control measures must be adopted for high-risk customers and customers with 
specific high-risk factors based on the risk prevention policy and procedures, so as to effectively 
manage and reduce known risks.
5. Measures superior than what the law requires
• The Company commissioned Deloitte to provide the "AML/CFT system consulting service project" 
to guide and assist the Company, First Bank, First Securities, First Securities Investment Trust, and 
First Life Insurance to establish more comprehensive AML/CFT control measures to strengthen the 
implementation of AML/CFT systems of companies of the Group optimize the AML system, ensure 
the effective management of the Group's ML/TF risks, optimize the methodology and report 
contents of the Institutional Risk Assessment (IRA), review the reasonableness of customer risk 
factors and list scanning rules, and strengthen CDD mechanisms and information sharing in the 
Group.
• The FSC currently only requires banks and large insurance companies to appoint accountants to 
conduct special audits on their AML/CFT assurance projects. However, the Company has request-
ed First Bank, First Securities, First Securities Investment Trust, and First Life Insurance to commis-
sion an accountant to conduct special audits on their AML/CFT assurance projects to ensure the 
effectiveness and implementation of the Group's AML/CFT operations. The Group continued to 
appoint PricewaterhouseCoopers, Taiwan to implement special audits on the AML/CFT assurance 
projects of First Bank, First Securities, First Securities Investment Trust, and First Life Insurance in 
2022.
101

102
Number of feedback
incentive cases of FIU
Number of
cases
Fraud
Tax crime
Organized crime
Drugs
Corruption
Securities crime
Underground banking
Illegal gambling
Intellectual property crime
5
53
0
2
0
1
0
1
0
Percentage (%)
8.07
85.48
0.00
3.23
0.00
1.61
0.00
1.61
0.00
Bank files STR
Number of
cases
347
251
2
23
4
5
10
15
0
Percentage (%)
52.82
38.21
0.30
3.50
0.61
0.76
1.52
2.28
0.00
Letter from external
investigation institution
Number of
cases
14,576
283
76
267
186
171
1
118
21
15,699
Percentage (%)
92.85
1.80
0.48
1.70
1.19
1.09
0.01
0.75
0.13
62
100.00
657
100.00
100.00
Total
7. AML-related Information Disclosures
Subsidiaries First Bank, First Securities, First Securities Investment Trust and First Life Insurance 
have set up an AML section or information disclosure section on their official websites to disclose 
the signed AML questionnaire (Wolfberg AML Questionnaire) and AML/CFT internal control 
system statement to improve the transparency of AML information.
8. Application of legal compliance technology (Regtech)
• The application of robotic process automation (RPA) increases efficiency and decreases the operational burden of regular 
customer reviews, list authentication, information share within the Group, reviewing alerted cases, and identifying substantial 
beneficiaries.
• Full implementation of AML system in regular customer review operations. Corresponding investigation frequencies are 
issued according to the money laundering risk level of customers. The AML system automatically initiates investigations and 
generates MIS reports to reinforce surveillance and management, thereby reducing the possibility of human error within 
operations.
• Implemented New Actimize system in overseas offices and introduced AI surveillance technology to strengthen surveillance 
of transactions in related accounts and increase the breadth and depth of transaction surveillance to better detect potential 
and complex money laundering risks within transactions.
6. Monitoring criminal activity such as ML/TF
First Bank uses the 53 suspicious trading patterns of ML/TF in the appendix of the Model Guidelines for Banks' AML/CFT 
Policies and Procedures announced by the Bankers Association of the Republic of China for monitoring. In 2022, the Bank also 
analyzed 15,699 suspected ML/TF transactions reported by external inspection authorities and 657 STRs from the Bank and 
identified criminal risks faced by the Bank for formulating related operating procedures.

103
9-3 Preventing financial fraud
In recent years, there has been a noticeable increase in the number of financial 
fraud incidents. To better safeguard its customers' assets, First Bank has formulat-
ed the "Over-the-Counter Caring Checklist" and "Fraud Prevention and Large-sum 
Withdrawal Precautions for Depositors at Business Units". Furthermore, with regard 
to withdrawals and transfers made by customers, in cases where transfer requests 
to designated accounts or cash withdrawals made by senior citizens exceed a 
certain threshold, or in cases where the monetary amount, frequency, or circum-
stances of a transaction are deemed suspicious or abnormal and thus potentially 
indicating fraudulent activity, it is the policy of First Bank to make a reasonable 
inquiry as an expression of concern to protect its customers. When necessary, local 
police precincts are notified to dispatch officers to conduct verification measures 
or provide a police escort for customers making large-sum cash withdrawals. First 
Bank is dedicated to complying with all government policies and regulations 
aimed at curbing fraud and abuse and helping to identify and report scammers 
and frauds to the authorities. In addition, we provide our bank tellers with detailed 
instructions and training on how to handle suspicious incidents in a courteous 
manner, including analyzing the details of actual cases of fraud provided by local 
law enforcement and media reports concerning the latest information on scams 
and other fraud techniques, thereby strengthening our ability to effectively stop 
these scams from occurring.
In 2022, a total of 230 fraud attempts were successfully
prevented, resulting in NT$122.65 million in
fraudulent fundsbeing blocked.

Climate Strategy and Management
GRI：201-2、203-1、203-2、FS1
104
ENVIRONMENTAL
FACTORS
Formed the "Green Building Certification Program" team  to open the way to green finance.
Promoted "Urban Renewal Financing" to encourage the renewal of aging communities.
Launched the "No.1 Promoter in the Energy Industry" financial plan, making First Bank the first 
domestic bank to offer a financing program for the ESCO industry.
Established the Organic Agriculture Assistance Project and launched the first charity co-branded 
card based on the concepts of "going organic to stay healthy" and "environmental conserva-
tion". The card enables First Bank to team up with customers to help small organic farmers that 
lack manpower and financing in order to protect the land of Taiwan.
2010
Launched the "Preferential Loans for Key Development Projects" plan, which is a new lending service aimed at meeting the 
financing needs of key development projects in the areas of green technology, modern agriculture, and businesses involved 
in the circular economy.
Established two solar-powered bank branches and six solar-powered electronic billboards.
Introduced indoor air quality self-management at 189 company locations and established real-time indoor air quality 
monitoring systems at 8 company locations.
Purchased electronic scooters for our corporate fleet, enabling us to more effectively reduce our CO2 emissions.
Held a Environmental Protection and Energy Conservation Competition which resulted in reducing our energy consumption 
by 89,000 kWh and issuing 18 awards to employees.
Incorporated PAS 2060 - Carbon Neutrality guidelines at four locations including the Wanhua Branch building for the first 
time and received certification.
Incorporated ISO 14046 Water Footprint guidelines at the headquarters building for the first time and received certification.
Incorporated ISO 14064-1 Scope 3 (indirect emissions from transportation - business travel) for the first time and received 
certification.
2016
First Bank set up "Green Finance Committee", supporting the development of "Green Finance" with 
four approaches as "Green Financing", "Green Consumer Finance", "Green Examination" and "Green 
Investment".
First Bank, First Securities, First Securities Investment Trust, First Life Insurance and First Financial AMC 
all introduced " ISO 14064-1 Scope 3 (indirect emissions from transportation - business travel)" and 
had been tested and verified
First Bank obtained "ISO 14001 Environmental Management System" verification for 7 operating offices
The first one in the financial industry of Taiwan that obtained the "Counter Service Carbon Footprint 
PCR Formulation and Inventory of Environmental Protection Administration" verification
Set up "Solar Power Generation and Rainwater Recycling Ecological Hydroponic Green Roof" at 
Wanhua branch
Charitable event with cross-industry alliance-Green Light Love Project
Rated as level B in both CDP questionnaires for climate change and water security. 
Launched "Green Credit Card - Living Green Card"
Launched projects of "green consumption loan" for purchasing green energy or energy saving 
products
The only one in the financial industry of Taiwan that extended the "ISO 14064-1 Greenhouse Gas 
Inventory" to its 33 foreign operating offices
2017
Building "the No. 1 Brand in Sustainable Finance" Milestones
First Financial Holding was selected by the Financial Supervisory Commis-
sion (FSC) as a member of the "Coalition of Movers and Shakers on 
Sustainable Finance" and appointed to the role of convener for the 
"Working Group for the Promotion of Net Zero Initiatives for Domestic/For-
eign Financial Industries".
First Financial Holding joined the Partnership for Carbon Accounting 
Financials (PCAF) initiative and the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) to 
reinforce the financial carbon emissions inventory for the group's financing 
and investment positions.
First Financial Holding received a score of "A" for leadership in the CDP 
climate change questionnaire.
The TCFD report by First Financial Holding obtained the highest graded 
certification of "LEVEL 5+" from The British Standards Institution (BSI) for 2 
consecutive years.
2022

105
Formulated the Green 
Financing Review Principles 
based on the Equator 
Principles, enabling us to better 
protect the environment and 
incorporate sustainable 
principles into our core 
business operations.
Lighting systems at all 
company locations have been 
upgraded to only use LED 
fixtures.
2014
Set a sustainable development target of "becoming the number one brand in green finance".
Required the headquarters building to reduce its GHG emissions in 2015 by 12% compared to 2011.
Launched the "Renewable Energy Creation Loan" to help business owners purchase renewable 
energy generation equipment.
The FFHC headquarters building (opened in 1982) received the Green Building Mark certification 
(passing grade), making it the first redevelopment project of its kind in Taiwan to comply with the 
high standards of the new green building specifications.
Cultivated the concepts of energy conservation and reducing our carbon footprint among employ-
ees and reinforced the application and implementation of environmental education principles.
Installed a rainwater recycling system at the headquarters building, thereby helping to conserve 
water resources.
2012
In 2012, a target was set to reduce the headquarters building's GHG emissions by 12% by 2015 compared to 2011, and the goal 
was achieved ahead of schedule in 2013.
Signed up for the Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP)
Set electricity, water, fuel and gas conservation targets for each company. The annual reduction target must also be no lower 
than the ratio set for the previous year.
Incorporated ISO 50001 Energy Management System guidelines for the IT Building for the first time and received certification.
Incorporated ISO 14064-1 Greenhouse Gas Inventory System guidelines for five company locations including the IT building for 
the first time and received certification.
2013
Defined the tenets of "Green Partners" and extended the ideals of the Equator Principles to banking and 
insurance products. A "Do-Not-Invest List for CSR Violations" was also established as a reference for group 
companies to use during investment reviews.
Established the 3-step Supplier Management Procedure to join suppliers in protecting the local environment.
Employees obtained "Environmental Educator Qualifications" certification, allowing them to plan and formulate 
the content of the Company's environmental education courses.
Arranged for employees to take part in online environmental education courses to ensure all employees have 
a good understanding of environmental protection and sustainability awareness.
Implemented the "zero waste bin" policy, which maximizes the effect of our recycling efforts by using more 
effective sorting methods.
Completed the introduction of environmental accounting and reporting procedures at First Bank.
Launched mobile credit cards and debit cards, which use smart phone functionality to reduce plastic waste 
and carbon emissions.
Incorporated ISO 14001 - Environmental Management System guidelines at the FFHC Headquarters building 
for the first time and received certification.
2015
Defined the CSR Policy and Code of 
Conduct, and also established a CSR 
Committee to set annual environmental 
conservation targets and action plans.
Launched the "Green Energy Industry 
Loan" to support the development of the 
green energy industry.
2011
Rated as level A- leadership level in CDP questionnaires for 
climate change and B in water security questionnaire.
First Bank Wanhua Branch became the first in the finance 
industry in Taiwan to obtain the "environmental education 
site certification" from the Environmental Protection 
Administration.
First Bank Yung-Ho Branch became the first in the finance 
industry in Taiwan to receive the "Product Carbon Footprint 
Reduction Label" certificate.
Established the Supplier Management Guidelines as the 
policy and guiding principles for companies in the group to 
manage suppliers.
Expanded the statistics on domestic waste and recycled 
resources to all First Bank branches in Taiwan.
Jointed organized the syndicated loan for the construction of 
a three-in-one bioenergy center with "anaerobic fermenta-
tion, incineration plant, and bottom ash landfill site".
2019
FFHC received the Climate Change A List rating and Water Resources B List rating 
from the Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP) in 2018 and became the first Company in 
Taiwan's financial industry to attain Leadership A List.
All First Bank's 188 domestic branches adopted the "ISO 50001 - Energy Management 
System certification".
All 192 business locations of First Bank, First Securities, First Securities Investment Trust, 
First Life Insurance and First Financial AMC achieved "ISO 14001 Environmental 
Management System" certification 
Yilan Branch green building obtained the only "Diamond-class" Green Building Mark 
for historical site in Taiwan.
First Bank collaborated with Yilan County Government and issued the "Forest Yilan 
Affinity Card". First Bank donated 0.3% of regular purchase payments for use in tree 
planting, tree protection, and social welfare activities.
We coordinated the syndicated bank loan of over NT$10 billion for the largest solar 
cell manufacturer in Taiwan as the lead arranger.
We raised and managed a green energy fund of NT$330 million for investment and 
construction of solar power plants with total installed capacity of approximately 27MW.
2018
Rated as level A leadership level in CDP questionnaires 
for climate change and B in the water security question-
naire.
"ISO 50001 Environmental Management System" 
certification was obtained for all domestic company 
locations.
First Bank Wanhua Branch received the "Product Carbon 
Footprint Reduction Label" certificate.
The Company has developed four green finance 
environmental education courses including energy 
conservation and carbon reduction in green buildings, 
climate change risk management, green loans and loan 
review, and green consumer finance.
First Bank became the first domestic government-owned 
banks to sign the Equator Principles.
2020
Rated as level “A” leadership-class in both the CDP questionnaires for climate 
change and the Supplier Engagement Rating.
Started carbon footprint inventory for 5 green credit cards, checked the carbon 
emission coefficient of each product, and obtained the “Carbon Footprint Label” 
certification from the Environmental Protection Administration of Executive Yuan.
The UK London branch building obtained the green building mark from UK’s Building 
Research Establishment (BRE),which was the first one among the overseas financial 
institutions in Taiwan. 
Completed the “ISO 20400 sustainable procurement guidance performance 
evaluation” and obtained the certificate.
Introduced “ISO 46001 Water Efficiency Management Systems” at the headquarters 
building and obtained the certificate, which was the first one in the financial industry.
FFHC's TCFD report obtained the highest level certification of "LEVEL-5+" by the British 
Standards Institute (BSI), which is the first case in the financial industry.
2021

106
1-1 Climate change governance
First Financial Holding’s Board of Directors is the highest governing body for the Group’s climate-related risks; it is responsible 
for approving, guiding, and ensuring the effective operation of risk management policies. Under the supervision of the Board 
of Directors, the Sustainable Development Committee and Risk Management Committee are responsible for supervising the 
group's key climate strategies.It uses the "Climate-Related Financial Disclosures Recommendations published by the Task Force 
on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) to check and identify the operation risks and opportunities of the Company 
due to physical, transformation aspects. It shall establish a materiality of risks and possibility of opportunity matrix and use the 
outcomes of the matrix analysis to establish risk management strategy regarding the major risks as the core response action 
to the climate change accordingly.
In 2020, the board of directors reviewed and approved the incorporation of emerging risks including climate change risks into 
the risk management policy, and submitted the climate change risk assessment result, its mitigation measures and implementa-
tion status to the board of directors in 2021. The bank’s subsidiaries also invited independent directors to the Risk Management 
Committee to provide guidance in September 2021 to effectively supervise various climate governance actions from top to 
bottom.In August 2022, First Financial Holdings officially joined the Partnership for Carbon Accounting Financials (PCAF) and 
complied with the PCAF's recommended methodology to conduct scope 3 financial carbon emissions inventory of financing 
and investments. In November, First Financial Holdings also joined the Science Based Target initiative (SBTi) to take inventory 
of carbon emissions from own operations as well as financing and investment positions. Net zero thinking is consistently 
included into processes for investment and financing decisions to decrease the weight of investments and financing in high 
pollution and high emission sectors to achieve Taiwan's commitment to net zero.
First Financial Holding Sustainable Development Committee
Formulates short, medium, and long-term objectives
and plans of action for ESG and climate change.
Reports accomplishments to the Board of
Directors at the end of each year.
First Financial Holding Risk Management Committee
Manages climate change risks and the
corresponding adaptation and response actions.
First Financial Holding Board of Directors
Supervises climate change-related issues in the Group
Monitors risk management implementation at each subsidiary
Establishment of risk management committees and
units based on the type/size of each subsidiary
Chairman
(Chairman of FFHC)
Corporate Governance Task Force
Environmental Sustainability Task Force
Responsible Finance Task Force
Employee Care Task Force
Community Engagement Task Force
Sustainable Financial Products and
Services Task Force
First Bank:
Risk Management Committee
First Securities:
Risk Management Committee
First Life Insurance:
Risk Management Committee
Other subsidiaries:
Risk Management Unit
First Securities Investment Trust:
Risk Management Committee
Board of Directors, Chairman
President
Risk Management Division
Risk Management Committee
(convened every 2 months)
Committee Members 
(Presidents of FFHC and subsidiaries)

107
2011~2021
2022
2023 and 2024
• Include the short-, medium-, 
and long-term targets of 
scope 1 and 2 of the SBT 
methodology from the Science 
Based Target initiative (SBTi)
• Apply the recommended 
methodology of PCAF to 
conduct scope 3 financial 
carbon emissions inventory of 
financing and investments
• Continue to identify the short, 
medium and long-term 
impacts of climate change 
risks the high carbon emission 
industries pose on the Group’s 
operations, strategies, 
products and financial 
planning, etc.
• Use the test results of climate 
change scenarios of different 
paths to evaluate and adjust 
climate change risk strategies
• Purchased 1.517 million kWh 
of green energy and gradually 
transferring to supply 18 
domestic operating locations
• Sign the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) 
framework in April 2020 and became the supporter
• Completed signing of the Equator Principles in 2020 to reduce 
credit risks through inspecting the suitability of credit cases, grading 
of environmental and social risks, review, and monitoring
• Identify customer groups sensitive to climate change and evaluate 
the climate risks faced by investment/loan portfolios, and connect 
them to traditional risks of the finance industry
• Use the "General Circulation Model" (GCM) and Representative 
Concentration Pathways (RCP) for analyses of different scenarios 
and evaluate the current and future physical risks to establish future 
business, strategic, and financial plans
• Require high carbon emission industries who are domestic 
borrowers to disclose their greenhouse gas emissions and increase 
the number of the companies required to explain their measures to 
climate change adaptation for two consecutive years
• Identified the climate change risks and opportunities of the 
organization. Introduced parameters for different scenarios for the 
Group's clients in high-carbon emission industries and analyzed the 
climate change risks of these industries to enhance the Company's 
capacity or withstanding climate change risks.
• Issuing sustainable development bonds and launching the 
Sustainable Development Loan Connection Project to include 
management indicators such as borrower's greenhouse gas 
emissions, electricity saving, and reduction of total waste as key 
points for assessing preferential loans.
• Connect adaptation to climate change to the performance of 
employees and implement internal carbon management contests to 
reward employees of high-performing units.
• Decrease the weight of credit 
limits for high pollution (carbon 
emissions) industries to a 
maximum of 14%, and cease 
new investments in companies 
mining coal and continue to 
monitor on a monthly basis
• Participate in the “New Basel 
Capital Accord Continuing Study 
Working Group - Stress Testing 
Subgroup” to assist the 
competent authorities in 
establishing the “climate 
change stress test” scenario 
and methodology for domestic 
banks
• Strengthen the identification of 
the relationship between climate 
change risks and traditional 
banking risks (such as credit risk, 
market risk, operational risk and 
liquidity risk)
• Analyze the potential risks to 
operating locations caused by 
abnormal weather and flooding 
under different warming 
scenarios
• Calculate the amount of impact 
to the bank's real estate value 
from various flooding and slope 
disaster scenarios due to 
climate change
• Establish risk identification, measurement, supervision, and control 
and management procedures for climate change risks
• Formulate climate change risk offsetting measures and establish 
management mechanisms
• Studied and analyzed new developments in domestic and foreign 
climate change mitigation and adaptation to produce environmen-
tal education materials for the Company's employees
• Continued to strengthen the climate change risk identification 
capabilities of loan and investment review personnel
• Taking the top two high carbon emission industries (petrochemical 
industry and steel industry) as the evaluation objects to analyze the 
impact on customer ratings under 3 carbon fee increase scenarios
• According to the methodology recommended by PCAF, calculate 
the greenhouse gas emissions generated by investment and 
financing for corporate customers with investment and financing 
balances of more than NT$50 million and mortgage loan cases 
with credit balances of more than NT$5 million
• Analyze the expected amount of default losses in three credit 
extension industries of First Bank (steel, petrochemical and 
semiconductor industries) to quantify the financial impact of climate 
change on the Company
• Lower the upper limit of the credit limit proportion for high pollutant 
(carbon emissions) industries to 14.8% and continue to monitor on a 
monthly basis
• Perform carbon emissions inventory 
of financing and investment positions 
belonging to high pollution (carbon 
emissions) industries to plan and 
engage target enterprises based on 
inventory results to urge the 
establishment of net zero targets
• Introduce functions to take public 
transportation with credit cards or 
calculate carbon emissions via 
consumption
• Assess development of ESG analytic 
tools that provide the public with 
one-stop environmental monitoring of 
searched addresses and areas 
prone to disasters due to the impact 
of climate change
• Compile the group's SBT decarbon-
ization targets for submission to SBTi 
review
• Lower the upper limit of the credit limit 
proportion for high pollution (carbon 
emissions) industries to 13.75% and 
continue to monitor on a monthly basis
• Suspend new investments to the coal 
industry (coal mining, coal power 
generation, and coal infrastructure 
accounting for more than 50% of 
revenue) and the energy sector (tar 
sands, polar circle oil and gas, 
ultra-deep water oil and gas, liquefied 
petroleum gas, shale oil, and other 
businesses accounting for more than 
50% of revenue)
• Plan, establish, and disclose the 
commitment to suspend the new 
undertaking of "financing cases for 
companies solely mining coal", 
"financing projects for the construction 
of coal-fired power plants (excluding 
those transitioning towards 
decarbonization)", "corporate financing 
projects where tar sands/polar circle 
oil and gas/ultra-deep water oil and 
gas businesses account for more than 
50% of revenue" and gradually 
decrease financing to the coal industry
• "Establish climate change stress test" 
scenarios for domestic banks in 
accordance with the competent 
authority to provide methodology to 
calculate the amount of expected 
losses and loss rate of collateral by 
region that banks will face under 
climate risks
Please refer to the "Sustainable 
Development Goals" chapter 
on P24~27 and P32~35 of this 
Report 
Please refer to the "Sustainable Development Goals" chapter on 
P22~P23 and P30~P35 of the Company's 2021 Sustainability 
Report
Please refer to the "Sustainable 
Development Goals" chapter on 
P24~27 and P32~35 of this Report 
• The Board of Directors shall 
continue to monitor related 
targets for countering climate 
change and the implementa-
tion status
• Regularly convene the “Risk 
Management Committee”, 
invite independent directors to 
attend and give guidance, 
continuously monitor and 
manage the implementation 
of climate change-related risks 
and opportunities, and report 
risk assessment results and 
implementation of mitigation 
measures to the board of 
directors
• Incorporate climate change 
risk management and the 
mastering of business 
opportunities into the basic 
items of the 2022 ESG 
performance appraisal of 
each subsidiary
• Matters implemented after the resolution of the Board of Directors:
     ✓.Sustainable Development Policy
     ✓.Guidance on Sustainable Development for First Financial Holding
• Matters supervised by the Board of Directors:
     ✓.Green Financing Review Principles
     ✓.Environmental Management Policy
     ✓.Energy Management Policy
• The Board of Directors reviewed and established the Sustainable 
Development Policy:
     ✓.Integrated ESG factors into voting and product review mechanisms 
to implement requirements in the Stewardship Principles
     ✓.Integrated ESG issues into the development strategies and 
operating procedures of core businesses
     ✓.Supported the low-carbon economy transformation, provided 
funding needed by companies to improve their environmental 
performance, and reduced the impact of the products and services 
provided by the Company on the society and the environment.
• The Board of Directors reviewed and passed the "Sustainability 
Credit Policy", "Sustainability Investment Policy ", and "Sustainability 
Insurance Policy" and included ESG issues into the planning and 
operating procedures for investments, financing, underwriting, and 
insurance businesses；Submission of the climate change risk 
assessment result, its mitigation measures and implementation 
status to the board of directors
• A Green Finance Committee was implemented with the President 
as Chairperson while 4 task forces for "Sustainable Credit", 
"Sustainable Investment", "TCFD", and "CDP" were established under 
the committee. Each quarter, task force meeting is convened to 
track the achievement of various plans
• Implemented the Supplier Management Guidelines based on the 
approval of the President as the policy and guiding principles for 
companies in the group to manage suppliers
• The Board of Directors shall continue 
to monitor related targets for 
countering climate change and the 
implementation status
• Regularly report issues related to 
climate change risks and invite 
independent directors to attend and 
offer guidance at Risk Management 
Committee meetings
• Revised the Sustainable Credit Policy 
to include environmentally sensitive 
sectors with industries involving 
forests and water issues while 
expanding the "high pollution 
(carbon emissions) industry" category 
to non-manufacturing sectors 
(agriculture, livestock, and 
naval/aviation shipping industries) to 
strengthen responses to climate 
change risks
• Climate related financial disclosures 
(including quantitative and qualitative 
data) on the company website by 
end of June 2023
Governance
Strategy
Indicators
and Goals
Risk management
●○ FFHC TCFD Indicator Disclosure Framework and Actions

108
1-2 Climate change risks and opportunities
●○ FFHC Identify the risks of climate change
Type
Item
Impact on Company Operations
Corresponding
number
• Domestic enterprises are responding to the net zero 2050 policies of the Climate Change 
Response Act by purchasing large amounts of green energy which may cause supply to fall 
behind demand in the renewable energy market. As such, the Company may fail to reach targets 
if decarbonization requires the purchase of renewable energy.
• If the government requires users with a contractual capacity of 800 kW or more to save 1% of 
electricity every year, Although the Group has already taken action, the Group encounters a 
bottleneck to reducing carbon emissions. If the Group fails to achieve the carbon reduction target 
required by the government, it may face disciplinary action from the government.
• As the supply chains of domestic/foreign industries confirm their decarbonization activities or if a 
carbon tax is implemented (such as the Carbon Border Adjustment Mechanisms that will be 
implemented by the EU in 2026), relevant sectors may face operation impact and transition risks 
that indirectly impact the group's credit and operational risks.
• Regulatory change regarding renewable energy will influence power companies the Group 
reinvests in.
• The Taiwan Sustainable Taxonomy established by the Financial Supervisory Commission guides 
financial institutions to inject capital into sustainable industries, and if the group's existing 
financing targets do not comply with the taxonomy's standards and must be removed, it may 
impact the group's income from financing and investments.
• According to the “Climate Change Adaptation Law”, the government will levy carbon fees on 
high-carbon emission enterprises as early as 2024, which may affect the business performance of 
customers in high-carbon emission industries, thereby reducing the revenue of the Group.
• The energy transition and carbon reduction targets will increase the pressure of rising electricity 
prices, resulting in higher operating costs and affecting the Group’s revenue.
• Investors may reduce their holdings of the targets that lack the concept of corporate sustainabili-
ty, resulting in a drop in the price of such targets. If the Group invests in such targets with its own 
funds, it will affect the investment income of the Group.
• First Bank requires all loan customers to sign a letter of commitment for sustainable development, 
which may lead to loss of business.
• Insufficient digitization will cause us to increase paper usage, reduce operational efficiency and 
competitiveness, and lose customers.
• If investor concerns towards climate related issues are not appropriately responded to, it may 
lead to a sell-off of company stock and a drop in stock price.
• Tropical cyclone/Extreme precipitation
   1. Caused damage to offices, equipment, or transportation vehicles.Heavy rain or strong wind  
brought forth by tropic cyclones may directly impact the Company's operation sites.
   2. Employees suffer losses on their way to or from work, at the workplace, or on their way to 
confirm damages caused by disasters.
   3. Work being called off which resulted in the disruption of operations.
   4. Caused bodily injury to the insured of the Company which led to the increase of claim amount.
   5. Investee personnel's loss of property causes investment profitability to fall.
   6. Borrowers suffer from interruption of operations or loss of personnel or property which leads to 
difficulties in repayment,and thus causes bad debt losses to the Company.
• Short-term water shortage: The postponement of the rainy season has resulted in less than 
expected rainfall across Taiwan. Many reservoirs have insufficient water storage and encoun-
tered short-term water shortages. Many counties and cities have implemented water rationing 
measures, which may affect operational performance due to water shortages.
• Rising sea levels expose some business units to flood risk.
• Extreme drought
   1. May lead to lack of electricity which results in disruption of operations
   2. May lead to fires or difficulties in obtaining water resources will increase operating costs
• Extreme climate change
   1. The use of electricity for air-conditioning and water has increased in recent years due to the    
increase in the number of days with extreme high temperature. We predict that electricity prices 
will gradually rise in the future as the power structure changes in Taiwan, resulting in an increase 
in the operating costs of the Company. If the Company has to purchase carbon credits and 
renewable energy certificates for its carbon reduction outcome, the operating costs of the 
Company will increase.
   2. Increase of the occurrence rate of infectious diseases increases the risks to employee health   
and disruption of operation.
In the future, the industry will be forced to transform and develop climate technology-related products 
and technologies. The Group’s investment and financing targets may have to pay high costs, which 
will indirectly affect the Group’s income.
Policy and
regulatory
risks
Technical
risks
Market
risks
When loan customers of the Company involve in environmental pollution which leads to negative 
reports of the media, reputation of the Company will be indirectly affected.
Reputation
risks
Immediate
risks
Long-Term
risks
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
Transformation Risks
Physical Risk

109
Risk Mitigation Management Measures
• The Group will continue to proactively negotiate for renewable energy available in markets and sign supply agreements with renewable 
energy suppliers to purchase renewable energy certificates (RECs) and gradually expand locations for transfer each year.
• In response to the lack of green electricity supply in the market and the government’s requirement that the annual power saving rate of 
consumers with a contracted capacity of more than 800kW shall reach 1%, companies will replace and use more energy-efficient electrical 
equipment and try to generate electricity for their own use and reduce external purchases. They will also actively negotiate the purchase of 
green electricity in the market, and pay close attention to climate technology-related information, and negotiate new equipment with 
higher energy efficiency or carbon reduction technologies.  
• Understand the sustained impact and response measures taken by customers affected by international decarbonization or carbon neutral 
trends when applying for credit to evaluate the transition risk faced by the customer. 
• Plan and establish the commitment to suspend the new undertaking of "financing cases for companies solely mining coal", "financing 
projects for the construction of coal-fired power plants (excluding those transitioning towards decarbonization)", "corporate financing 
projects where tar sands/polar circle oil and gas/ultra-deep water oil and gas businesses account for more than 50% of revenue" and 
gradually decrease financing to the coal industry
• In response to the implementation of the “Carbon Border Adjustment Mechanism Plan” by the European Union and the imposition of 
carbon fees by the government, the Group will continue to negotiate low-carbon transformation with customers with high carbon emissions, 
and provide customers with green preferential loans to assist in their transition, so as to reduce the impact on the quality of the Group’s 
credit assets.
• All domestic business locations have completed the introduction of the ISO 50001 Energy Management System and ISO 14001 Environmen-
tal Management System to continue to increase energy management performance and energy usage efficiency.
• Organize a "carbon management and electricity conservation competition for domestic operating departments" in combination with their 
individual reduction targets. Quarterly announcements of the energy conservation achievements of each department and establish a 
ranking by achievement rate at the end of each year to reward high performance departments; operating departments that do not 
achieve decarbonization targets must propose decarbonization plans for execution.
• Gather the latest environmental protection and carbon reduction trends and changes to environmental laws to organize training for the 
purpose of reinforcing the awareness of operating departments and relevant personnel in climate risk management frameworks and 
processes, and consult on domestic and foreign cases to plan response policies.
• Provide borrowers with green preferential loans to support their transition and encourage them to meet the “sustainable economic activity 
taxonomy” to reduce the impact on the Group’s profits.
• Join the PCAF and SBTi initiatives and utilize the PCAF methodology to take inventory of the group's financial carbon emissions in financing 
and investment positions, then gradually introduce SBTi methodology to set decarbonization targets.
• Include climate change risks into risk management policy and apply assessment results and report the execution of decarbonization 
measures to the Risk Management Committee and Board of Directors. Continue participation in The Bankers Association's climate change 
risk management and stress test program, urge major carbon emissions borrowers to conduct transition risk analysis, and perform analysis 
on the investment positions of insurance subsidiaries under the disorderly transition, long-term transition, and no policy scenarios.
• Implement the concept of responsible investment and stewardship, continue to reduce the credit caps for highly polluting/high carbon 
emissions industries, and will no longer invest in coal mining companies, and continue to use its own funds to invest in sustainable companies.
• Establish decarbonization policies that will no longer undertake investment and financing of coal and atypical oil and gas companies, and 
invest funds in industries that contribute to ESG.
• The Group requires all domestic and offshore fund companies to sign the compliance statement for the “Stewardship Principles for 
Institutional Investors” and the “Principles for Responsible Investment (PRI)” before the launch of a new product. Insurance companies of 
the launched products are also 100% prepared “Sustainability Reports" or submit a "Declaration of Sustainable Development".
• Educate and encourage loan customers to sign the Sustainable Development Declaration for them to understand the importance of ESG values.
• Accelerate the creation of a digital financial environment to provide customers with convenient online services such as consumer loans 
and account opening.
• Reinforce the climate governance related job skills of executives from the top-down and actively respond to investor's concerns relating to 
climate issues. 
• When there is reputation risk, we will investigate the truthfulness of the incident, collect evidence, evaluate its impact, draw up response 
measures and explain to the public by press release.
• Implement the ESG review policy to avoid lending to companies that involve major disputes in environmental conservation, human rights 
and society.
• Grasp and mitigate the environmental and social impact of large financing projects by applying the Equator Principles, case grading, risk 
evaluation, and post-loan management to prevent negative impact to the Company's reputation.
• Analyze the potential risk of flooding to 100% of new and old operation locations under varying warming scenarios and plan adaptive 
measures to reinforce climate resilience, such as: When selecting an operating location or purchasing land and housing, avoid low-lying 
areas near the ocean and implement measures such as enhanced drainage and moderately raising foundations, or transfer risk by 
obtaining insurance.
• As tropical cyclones and extreme precipitation may cause damage to the information appliances, the Company appoints professional 
contractors to conduct inspections and maintenance for mechanical and electrical equipment and we set up waterproof gates, sandbags, 
other flood-prevention measures, and uninterrupted power system to ensure normal operation.
• The Company included climate-related risk factors into the design of insurance products to provide insurance products that are more 
suitable for the needs of policy holders and climate change trends and provide policy holders with comprehensive coverage.
• Introduce the “ISO 46001 Water Efficiency Management Systems” and obtain certification, and strengthen water resources management by 
implementing and optimizing the daily management of major water-consuming equipment, as well as water use review and performance 
evaluation.
• As to the risks of extreme climates, rising sea levels and tropical cyclones, the Company pays close attention to droughts, severe rainfalls 
and power supply alerts and establish defense corps for responding to typhoons, flooding, earthquakes, bank runs, epidemics, fires, 
explosions and other emergencies to manage climate change risks.
• Work with external consultants on climate risk scenario analysis, and continue to track the impact of the real estate located in high-risk 
areas (Flooding and Slope Disasters) on the value of the Company’s collateral calculated by the consultant, quantifying the financial 
impact of climate change risks on the Company to establish more effective response measures.
• Continue to conduct employee health checks, build employee health risk maps, and regularly educate employees on the prevention and 
treatment of infectious diseases.

110
●○ FFHC Identify the opportunities of climate change
Type
Item
Explanation of opportunities
Corresponding
number
• Promote electronic account opening, electronic trading and account processing services 
• Procurement of energy-saving and water-saving products with green mark
• Implement "digital content broadcast systems" at operating locations to remotely manage 
and deliver advertisements and campaign events in real-time, thereby decreasing paper 
consumption in advertising
• Issuance of green bonds to gain new market access opportunities
• Raise new funds to provide investors with ESG products and win new market opportunities
• Participate in government climate change related programs to obtain subsidies or rewards to 
grasp new market opportunities
• Listing products related to topics like environmental protection, climate change and green 
energy
• Help customer issue green bonds
• Develop new business opportunities by adding insurance products for natural disasters or 
injury in climate-related accidents
• Issue green concept card and apply for the Environmental Protection Administration’s “Carbon 
Footprint Label” certification to track carbon emission reductions in the life cycle of the credit 
card
• Promote urban renewal financing projects, transform old buildings into energy saving, carbon 
reducing and Eco friendly communities
• Increase the volume of green financing and green consumption loans
• Raise green energy fund to invest in solar power plants
• Support the sustainable transition of IPO companies, build sustainable business models 
related to IPO companies to grasp business opportunities
• Increase brand awareness by offering low-carbon products or services to participate in public 
constructions or services
• Green Finance Committee plans green financing and investment policies and guidelines to 
improve the scope and level of our green finance products
• Organize carbon management and electricity conservation competitions in domestic 
operations to reward department colleagues with outstanding performance 
• Actively participate in environmental protection competitions hosted by external parties and 
strive for awards, so as to foster awareness on environmental protection and energy-saving 
• Increase the proportion of green investments to meet global trends and reduce asset 
allocation risks
• Include green buildings and energy saving buildings as key purchasing items in real estate 
investment.
• Discuss issues related to climate change and environmental sustainability and share the 
circular economy concept with investment and financing partners to encourage low-carbon 
transformation of the investment and financing partners for them to jointly grasp sustainable 
business opportunities with the Company
• Implement energy conservation, carbon reduction, water saving and waste reduction to help 
reduce operating costs
Resource
usage
efficiency
Energy
sources
Products
and
services
Market
Resilience
• Use low-carbon energy and increase energy efficiency
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
＊：Short-term risks/opportunities: Estimated to occur within 5 year (in red); Medium-term risks/opportunities: Estimated to occur within 5~10 years (in green);
Long-term risks/opportunities: Estimated to occur after 10 years (in black)
10
19
1
5
2
3
7
8
23
25
11
9 12
14 17
1
2
4 19
13 15
21 22
18
3
8 11
14
22
16 20
6 20
4 16
24
High
Low
Likely
Very likely
Unlikely
Occurrence frequency
21
2
8
5
18
7
15
9 17
23
High
Low
Likely
Very likely
Maybe
Occurrence frequency
6 10
12 13
Opportunity
Climate change risk matrix
Climate change opportunity matrix
Impact
Impact

111
1-3 Quantified Financial Data of the Impact of Climate Change on the Company and Scenario
       Analysis
The Group's climate scenarios comply with the "Plan for Domestic Banks to Perform Climate Change Scenario Analysis Opera-
tions" ("operation plan") announced by the competent authority in combination with scenario data from the NGFS (The Network 
for Greening the Financial System) and IPCC AR5. Three climate scenario simulations (orderly transition, disorderly transition, 
no policy) were established for two points in time (2030, 2050) to perform climate risk scenario analysis, as explained in the 
following:
With reference to the "operation plan" of climate change scenario analysis provided by the Financial Supervisory Commission, 
the base climate change scenario analysis was conducted to gradually define climate hazard impact factors and identifying 
financial elements linked to climate in the positions of each business division. Credit risk was then calculated for each position 
based on climate change scenarios to obtain the following calculations:
Scenario
Details of scenarios applied in climate change scenario analysis
The net zero 2050 scenario, also known as orderly transition, corresponds to the "Net Zero 2050" 
(less than 2°C) scenario of the NGFS and "RCP2.6" scenario of IPCC. The scenario evaluates global 
path progression towards net zero 2050 and the bank's potential risks.
Net zero 2050
(Orderly) transition
This corresponds to the "Delay Transition" (less than 2°C) scenario of NGFS and "RCP2.6" scenario of 
IPCC. The scenario evaluates the necessary path to net zero 2050 despite delayed transitions and 
the bank's potential risks.
Disorderly
transition
This corresponds to the "Baseline" (less than 2°C) scenario of NGFS and "RCP8.5" scenario of IPCC. 
The scenario evaluates potential risks to the bank due to climate change with no transition policies.
No policy
Position
Corporate
loans
No policy scenario
2050
2030
32.06%/60.80%
1.57%/1.97%
0.33%/0.99%
31.80%/60.53%
2.08%/2.48%
0.31%/0.98%
Disorderly transition scenario
2050
2030
27.21%/55.94%
1.91%/2.31%
0.27%/0.94%
1.28%/9.00%
0.04%/0.45%
47.50%/76.23%
1.33%/1.73%
0.69%/1.36%
11.96%/19.68%
0.28%/0.69%
Orderly transition scenario
2050
2030
33.48%/62.21%
1.43%/1.83 %
0.41%/1.08%
5.07%/12.79%
0.14%/0.54%
39.00%/67.74%
1.48%/1.88%
0.50%/1.16%
8.44%/16.16%
0.20%/0.60%
Personal
loans
Investment
Credit
extension
Investment
＊1：Base scenario refers to 2022 values without pressurization.
＊2：Profit and loss before tax in the base year refers to net profit before tax of NT$23,788 million earned by bank subsidiaries in 2022.
●○ The amount difference of expected losses from credit risks and base scenarios for 2022＊1 / weight of expected losses
            accounting for profit and loss before tax＊2 in the base year
Position
Corporate
loans
No policy scenario
2050
2030
3.30%/6.26% 
0.16%/0.20%
0.03%/0.10%
3.28%/6.24% 
0.21%/0.26%
0.03%/0.10%
Disorderly transition scenario
2050
2030
2.08%/5.76% 
0.20%/0.24%
0.03%/0.10%
0.13%/0.93%
0.00%/0.05%
4.89%/7.85% 
0.14%/0.18%
0.07%/0.14%
1.23%/2.03%
0.03%/0.07%
Orderly transition scenario
2050
2030
3.45%/6.41%
0.15%/0.19%
0.04%/0.11% 
0.52%/1.32%
0.01%/0.06%
4.02%/6.98% 
0.15%/0.19%
0.05%/0.12%
0.87%/1.66%
0.02%/0.06%
Personal
loans
Investment
Credit
extension
Investment
＊1：Base scenario refers to 2022 values without pressurization.
＊2：The net value of the base year refers to the net value of NT$230,922 million earned by bank subsidiaries in 2022.
●○ The amount difference of expected losses from credit risks and base scenarios＊1 for 2022/weight of expected losses
           accounting for annual net value＊2 in the base year
Domestic
positions
Foreign
positions
Domestic
positions
Foreign
positions

To align with the country's goal of net zero carbon emissions by 2050, First Financial Holding has adopted the absolute-based 
approach to set the science-based target (SBT) of controlling warming to 1.5°C. It has formulated the carbon emissions 
reduction goal that, with effect from 2023, combined carbon emissions from scope 1 and scope 2 must be reduced by 4.2% 
annually from the base year (2021). Compared with the previous year, carbon emissions from scope 1 and scope 2 in 2022 
were down 364.62 metric tons of CO2e; paperless operational measures contributed a carbon emissions reduction of 
18,136.30 metric tons of CO2e. The total amount of carbon emissions reduction amounted to 18,500.92 metric tons of CO2e. 
Related measures and results are described as follows:
2-1 Reduce GHG emissions
FFHC has 71 buildings with an average age of more than 40 years. To alleviate the heat island effect of office buildings, the 
"Green Building Certification Program" team was formed in 2010 to transform the head office buildings into green buildings.As 
of the end of 2022, the Group refurbished 31 existing commercial buildings and obtained the Green Building Mark from the 
Ministry of the Interior. (including 28 diamond-class buildings, 1 bronze-class building and 2 qualified building), and 2 new 
buildings have obtained the gold-class green building mark. In 2021, the London branch building has obtained the PASS-class 
green building mark from UK’s Building Research Establishment (BRE). The Group has set a goal to obtain 46 Green Building 
Marks for its buildings by the end of 2028.In 2017 the company had all of the company locations in and out of the country be 
regulated "ISO 14064-1 GHG Inventory" and get verified in order to handle the carbon emission of the company locations in 
the Group, dedicated to achieve the goal of reduction of GHG emissions. Since 2020, carbon emissions management and 
energy conservation contests have been held for three consecutive years among domestic business units, which have also 
been allocated with approved targets of carbon emissions respectively. The awareness that there is a price tag on carbon 
emissions has been raised to implement the accountability of carbon emissions reduction. Business units with outstanding 
results were announced, cited and rewarded in April 2022, whereas units failing to reach their targets of carbon emissions 
reduction have submitted improvement plans.
Climate Action
GRI：302-1~5、305-1~5、305-7、FS4
112
ISO
50001
Green
Building
Mark
ISO
14064-1
Scope
1 to 3
ISO
14001
ISO 14064-1
FFHC’s Steps to reduce carbon emissions
Organiza-
tionwide
Inventory
Ener-
gysaving
buildings
Transac-
tions
Continue to
reduce
GHG
Solarpow-
ered
branches
Set Clear
Carbon
Reduction
Targets
Establish
energy
manage-
ment
process
Encourage
employees 
to
implement
carbon
manage-
ment
Expand
inventory
Scope to
overseas
branches
manage-
ment
Carbon
emissions
Inventory
of various
businesses
Systematize
various
ener-
gy-saving
practice
Host
environ-
mental
protection
and energy
conserva-
tion
competi-
tions
Install
solar
systems on
the roof of
branch
buildings
Counter
service
carbon
Inventory
and obtain
carbon
reduction
certifica-
tion
Purchase renewable
energy certificates,
carbon credits and
green electricity
In order to move towards the net-zero-carbon emission goal, First Financing 
Holdings calculates scope 3 of carbon emissions generated by investment and 
financial portfolios in accordance with methodology recommended by the 
international institution The Partnership for Carbon Accounting Financials, PCAF. 
Carbon emissions generated by financial and investment portfolios in 2022 was 
approximately 13,849,400 tons CO2e with commercial loans accounting for 
70.71% followed by corporate bonds (14.02%), sovereign debt (9.04%), personal 
mortgages (2.88%), equity investments (1.67%), commercial real estate (1.57%), 
and project financing (0.11%).
Investment and
financing - portfolio
carbon emission
structure
Commercial loans .... 70.71%
Corporate bonds .. 14.02%
Sovereign debt ................. 9.04%
Personal mortgages .. 2.88%
Equity investments .. 1.67%
Commercial real estate .. 1.57%
Project financing .. 0.11%

Carbon reduction result
Carbon reduction area
Taipei City
・Headquarters building
・IT building
・Guangfu Branch building
・Wanhua Branch building
・Zhongxiao Road Branch
   building
・First Financial Office
   Building
・Zhongshan Branch building
・Yanping building
・Dadaocheng Branch
   Building
Yilan County
・Luodong Branch building
・Yilan Branch building
New Taipei City
・Changtai Branch building
Changhua County
・Lugang Branch building
Hsinchu City
・Hsinchu Branch building
Taoyuan City
・Zhongli Branch building
・Daxi Branch building
・Longtan Branch building
・Taoyuan Branch building
Kaohsiung City
・Gangshan Branch building
・Luzhu Branch building
Miaoli County
・Zhunan Branch building
・Toufen Branch building
Tainan City
・Zhuxi Branch building
・Xinhua Branch building
・Chih-Kan Branch building
・Dawan Branch building
・Tainan Beimen Branch
   Building
Taichung City
・Taichung Branch building
・Taiping Branch building
・Fengyuan Branch Building
Pingtung County
・Donggang Branch building
Yunlin County
・Douliu Branch building
・Beigang Branch Building
【Overseas】
• Enthalpy control
• Replacement with more efficient 
chilled water and cooling water 
pumps or addition of variable speed 
drive
• Addition of variable speed drive to air 
conditioning unit
• Replacement of T8 with LED lamps
• Implement self-management in 
electricity usage
• Replacement with more efficient DC 
inverter air-conditioning unit or 
multi-split inverter air-conditioning
(kWh/yr) ＊1
5,486,924
19,753 GJ
(1kWh = 0.0036GJ)
tonsCO2e＊2
2,878
The Beigang Branch Building has been awarded the
Green Building Diamond-class label by the Ministry
of the Interior
U.K.
・London branch
   building
Obtain Green Building Mark for 34 of the Group's buildings and the carbon emissions benefits
Obtained the "Diamond-class" Green Building
Mark for 28 existing commercial buildings
Obtained the "Gold-class" Green Building
Mark for 2 new commercial buildings
1 existing building obtained the “bronze-class”
green building mark
2 existing building obtained the
“qualified-class” green building mark
1 existing building obtained the “pass-class”
green building mark
28
2
1
2
1
＊1：The difference in performance between improved air-conditioning and lighting equipment and the usage time are used as main factors to
        estimate the carbon emissions reduction.
＊2：Data provided in the evaluation statement (EEWH-RN Green Building Mark Application Evaluation Summary Table) approved by the Taiwan
         Architecture & Building Center.
113
• Implement Energy Management 
System
• Replacement of Closed Loop Water 
Pump and addition of variable speed 
drive
• Implement total heat exchanger 
system
• Installation of additional air-condition-
ing units and small ventilators
• Installation of additional solar power 
generating systems
• Addition of independent smart electric 
meter

●○ Environment Management certifications
Item
Certified sites in 2022
"Diamond-class" Green Building
"Gold-class" Green Building
“Bronze-class” green building mark
“Qualified-class” green building mark
“Pass-class” green building mark
ISO 14064-1 Greenhouse Gas Inventory
ISO 50001 Energy Management System
ISO 14001 Environmental Management System
ISO 14046 Water Footprint
ISO 46001 water efficiency management systems
Indoor air quality autonomous management
Office CO2 level measurement
Implement Real-time Indoor Air Quality Monitoring System
28
2
1
2
1
All domestic and foreign company locations
All domestic company locations
All domestic company locations
8
1
188
245
41
2-2 Set Clear Carbon Reduction Targets 
• Required the 
headquarters 
building to 
reduce its GHG 
emissions in 2015 
by 12% compared 
to 2011
2012
• The carbon emissions 
reduction goal set in 
2012 was achieved 
ahead of schedule
• Set electricity, water, fuel 
and gas conservation 
targets for each 
company of the Group
2013
• In response to the implementa-
tion of the "Greenhouse Gas 
Reduction and Management Act", 
reduction targets for electricity, 
water, petrol, and natural gas 
consumption were converted into 
carbon emissions and the annual 
carbon reduction targets were 
established for all companies of 
the Group.
2016
• The absolute-based approach has been adopted to 
set the science-based target (SBT) of controlling 
warming to 1.5°C. The Company has formulated the 
carbon emissions reduction goal that, with effect from 
2023, combined carbon emissions from scope 1 and 
scope 2 must be reduced by 4.2% annually from the 
base year (2021).
2022
114
Verification of Scope 3 in ISO 14064-1 (Indirect emissions from transportation - business travel)
Verification of Scope 3 in ISO 14064-1 (Indirect emissions casued by disposal of business waste) 
Environmental educator certification.
"Product Carbon Footprint Reduction Label" certification
"Product Carbon Footprint Label" certification
"Environmental Education Site" certification
Bank, Securities, Securities Investment
Trust, Life Insurance, AMC
All domestic company locations
6 employees
First Bank Yung-Ho Branch and Wanhua Branch
First Bank Head Office Business Department and Wanhua Branch
First Bank Wanhua Branch

FFHC is taking the impact of climate change seriously and boosting our risk awareness. We signed on with the Carbon Disclo-
sure Project (CDP) in 2013 and was among the first group of finance companies in Taiwan to express their support for the 
CDP.FFHC won international recognition with the "A " score again in the CDP climate change questionnaire in 2022 for the 4th 
time, the only domestic company that has been ranked "Leadership Level" for 5 consecutive years in financial industry.
-0.36
1.75
0.16
0.70
3.10 
-14.87
0.24
2.29
-2.54
25.10 
0.32
4.88
-25.80
-93.94
0.50
28.78
-159.19
688.90
32.20
486.93
Company
First Financial Assets
Management
●○ The carbon reduction performance of FFHC Group companies in 2022: 
 Unit: tons of CO2e
First Life Insurance
First Securities
Investment Trust
First Securities
First Bank
Scope 1
Carbon
reduction
Scope 2
Carbon
reduction 
Emissions Reduction Goal
Achievement Rates by Percentage
Points Through 2028
Emissions Reduction
Goal by 2028
2022
2021
(Base Year)
-30%
11%
7%
1,848
14,528
16,376
2,657
18,858
21,515
2,470
19,409
21,879
 Unit: tons of CO2e
Scope 1 Carbon Emissions Under 
ISO -14064 Inventory (tons CO2e)
Scope 2 Carbon Emissions Under
ISO -14064 Inventory (tons CO2e)
Total Amount of Carbon Emissions 
(Metric tons of CO2e)
• As the finance industry consumes large 
quantities of paper, to encourage 
paper-saving, FFHC also incorporated the 
results of the paperless policy aspect of 
our carbon reduction targets into our 
management. We established a target of 
reducing the company's total carbon 
emissions by the equivalent of the annual 
carbon sequestration of 30 Da'an Forest 
Parks in 2018 by making operations and 
businesses paperless.
2017
• To clarify the sources of carbon emissions, the 
reduction targets in Scope 1 (gasoline, diesel, 
natural gas, gas) and Scope 2 (electricity) 
emissions of the companies were set based 
on the previous year.
• Expanded the scope of the Scope 3  inventory 
and added 1 item or expanded the scope of 
inventory for business travel
2019
• To increase the reasonableness of the carbon reduction 
target, the Company set a target for carbon emissions per 
capita
• The Group published the "Carbon Management Contest and 
Evaluation Plan for Domestic Business Units" and allocated 
carbon emission reduction targets for all domestic business 
units to fulfill responsibilities for reducing carbon emissions
2020
• FFHC complies with the 
national voluntary carbon 
emissions reduction commit-
ment and set goals to reduce 
the Group's carbon emissions 
in 2030 by 20% from emissions 
in 2005 and reduce the 
Group's carbon emissions in 
2050 by 50% from emissions in 
2005. 
2018
Item
Greenhouse
Gas
Emissions
(t-CO2e/year)
CO2
20,826
20,799
21,564
CH4
465
449
396
N2O
40
39
48
HFCs
768
606
602
PFCs
0
0
0
SF6
0
0
0
NF3
0
0
0
Total emissions of 7
Greenhouse gas
22,099
21,893
22,610
●○ Greenhouse gas emissions from 2020~2022
2022
2021
2020
＊：The Company does not emit NOx, SOx, and other significant air emissions.
115
• To keep In line with the country’s 2050 net-zero carbon 
emission target, First Financial Holding Co., Ltd., FFHC 
has set a SBT to control the temperature rise well 
below 2°C (WB2°C), that is, the total carbon 
emissions of categories 1 and 2 from 2022 to 2050 
must be reduced by 2.5% each year compared to that 
of the previous year.
2021
Actual
Results
Effective-
ness
Actual
Results
Effective-
ness
Actual
Results
Effective-
ness
Actual
Results
Effective-
ness
Actual
Results
Effective-
ness
Compared 
to 2021 
reduction
target
Compared 
to 2021 
reduction
target
Compared 
to 2021 
reduction
target
Compared 
to 2021 
reduction
target
Compared 
to 2021 
reduction
target

116
●○ FFHC Overall Carbon Emissions
Item 
Year
2022 compared
to 2021 (%)
2022
Goals
2022
2021
2020
2019
8
-3
2,359＊8
19,360＊8
2,657
18,858＊7
2,470
19,409＊7
2,459＊6
19,961＊7
2,487
20,282
-2
21,719
21,515
100
21,879
22,420
22,769
-4
-3
-3
-5
39,737.30
313
154,245.58
39,525.96
2.131
15.28
159,942.29
40,756.20
2.195
16.04
361,473.39
41,723.02
2.276
36.70
351,505
40,563.23
2.380
36.75
-11
2.28
2.55
6.07
5.64
-9
0.32
0.35
0.38
0.37
14
330
290
263
373
6
104
98
77
78
9,645,699
5,830,786
5,364,213
6.99
9.84
11.94
80.39%
77.33%
80.11%
Scope 1 Carbon Emissions Under
ISO -14064 Inventory (tons CO2e)＊1
Scope 2 Carbon Emissions Under
ISO -14064 Inventory (tons CO2e)＊1
Total Emissions (tons CO2e)
Emissions per capita
(tons CO2e /person)＊4
Energy Consumption Per
Capita (GJ/person)＊4
Energy intensity
(GJ/Net Profit in million NTD)
Emissions intensity
(GJ/Net Profit in million NTD)
Verification of Scope 3 in
ISO 14064-1 (Indirect emissions from
transportation - business travel)
Verification of Scope 3 in
ISO 14064-1 (Indirect emissions casued
by disposal of business waste)＊5
Carbon emissions
(tons CO2e)＊11 
Proportion of
covered assets (%)＊13
Emissions intensity
(tons CO2e/asset balance
in NT$ million)＊12
The Group's 
scope 3 carbon 
emissions 
from financing 
and 
investments
＊1：Scope 1 emissions consist mainly of fuel used by company cars, generator diesel and natural gas. Scope 2 emissions consist mainly of electricity 
consumption, The emission factors used are based on the EPA's published greenhouse gas emission coefficient management table version 6.0.4; 
the inventory for  2019-2020 refers to the GWP adopted by the EPA's national login platform, using the 2007 IPCC 4th assessment report. If the 
IPCC 4th assessment report in 2007 did not have a reference number, it refers to the warming potential of the IPCC 5th assessment report in 
2013; inventory conducted in 2021 was based on the global warming potential provided in the 2013 IPCC Fifth Assessment Report; inventory 
conducted in 2022 was based on the global warming potential provided in the 2021 IPCC 6th Assessment Report; the method used to 
consolidate greenhouse gas volume is Operated Control Method; the inventory standard is based on ISO 14064-1.
＊2：The scope of total energy consumption (GJ) mainly includes diesel used for the generators, gas, natural gas, diesel used for official vehicles,gas-
oline used for official vehicles, and electricity. The statistics are filed by each unit in accordance with related forms, compiled by the Sustainable 
Environment Work Group of the Corporate Sustainable Development committee, and verified by SGS. The conversion of the energy consumption 
(GJ) coefficient for 2019~2020 is mainly based on the parameters in the Heat Content of Energy Products in the Energy Statistics Handbook 2013 
and Energy Audit Annual Report for Productive Industries 2012 compiled by the Bureau of Energy, Ministry of Economic Affairs. The coefficient for 
2021to 2022 is based on the parameters in the Heat Content of Energy Products in the Energy Statistics Handbook 2021.
＊3：MWh (Megawatt Hour)
＊4：The number of employees investigated was 9,565 in 2019, 9,849 in 2020, 9,969 in 2021,and 10,095 in 2022.
＊5：Business units subject to waste disposal review from 2019 to 2020 included the Bank's headquarters, IT Building, securities firms, securities 
investment trust enterprises, life insurance companies, and the AMC Head Office. With effect from 2021, banks, securities firms, securities 
investment trust enterprises, life insurance companies and all of AMC's domestic branches have also been added.
＊6：The Group set policies for addressing the failure to reach annual carbon emissions reduction targets in 2020 by purchasing carbon credits to 
make up for deficiencies. The Scope 1 inventory was 2,579 tons CO2e which fell short by 112 tons. The Group thus purchased carbon credits from 
wind energy generated in Changhua and Miaoli for 120 tons to offset the deficiency. 
＊7：The Scope 2 inventory was market-based. The local -based inventory was 20,032 metric tons of CO2e in 2020; 19,422 metric tons of CO2e in 
2021 ; 19,442 metric tons of CO2e in 2022.
＊8：The 2022 goal for scope 1 and scope 2 was to control warming to a level much lower than 2°C(WB2°C) in order to formulate the SBT. In other 
words, the combined amount of carbon emissions from scope 1 and scope 2 in 2022 must be reduced by 2.5% from the estimated emissions 
amount in 2021. The target MWh is calculated based on the target for reducing the use of fuel for company vehicles, diesel for generators, and 
gas by 2.5%, and the target for reducing electricity consumption by 2.5% compared to 2021.
＊9：In 2022, we received no complaints over environmental impact or penalties for environmental violations.
＊10：New and replacement air-conditioning systems all used the new eco-friendly R134a or R410a refrigerant. There was no use of Ozone Depleting 
Substances (ODS)
＊11：Inventory boundary of 2019 and 2020 is lesser compared to 2021 and 2022, and is estimated by industry coefficient.
＊12：The scope of emissions intensity is in equity investments, bond investments, and commercial loans.
＊13：Investment market value of assets (total amount of financing and investments) of each subsidiary/total financing balance, not amount in 
accounting columns.
＊14：Compared to 2021, the primary factors leading to increased carbon emissions in 2022 is the PCAF addition of sovereign debt (1,251,314 tons of 
carbon emissions) as well as business growth in 2022. Even after eliminating sovereign debt, the increase was compounded by investment and 
financing positions that must be included in calculation of carbon emissions which increased by 20% as well as an increase in the carbon 
emissions of financed customers as well as an increase in the industry emission coefficient.
Scope 1 and 2
Inventory Ratio of business
locations (%)
Total energy consumption
(GJ)＊2
Total energy consumption
(MWh)＊3
13,849,382＊14
21.00＊14 
89.78%
44
200
12

2-3 Green transportation
To help reduce the FFHC's carbon emissions caused by business travel, we have taken steps to 
gradually replace old or outdated vehicles in our company fleet. As a principle, official vehicles shall 
be used for carpooling. As of the end of 2022, 102 scooters with traditional internal combustion 
engines that were about to be scrapped had been replaced with electric scooters, which amounts 
to an annual carbon emissions reduction of 38 metric tons of CO2e＊1, as part of the drive to promote 
low-pollution scooters. In addition, a system for sharing company-issued EasyCards is in place to 
encourage employees to utilize mass transportation when traveling on business. When company 
cars needs replacement, we will evaluate the possibility of change for electric vehicles, hybrid 
vehicles or vehicles with high energy conversion efficiency. In 2022, a total of 28 vehicles were 
replaced by hybrid electric official vehicles. The Company set up charging stations for electric 
vehicles at Zhongli Branch and Yanping building for use by employees and customers.In addition, 
we have set up 13 employees dormitories at company sites located in high population density areas 
as well as rural regions and remote areas, which help reduce carbon emissions of employees 
commuting to and from work. Our overseas travels in 2022 were verified to total 2,699,380 kilome-
ters, total energy consumption was 2,151.77 GJ＊2.
＊1：The carbon reduction is based on Gogoro’s 2016 report that the replacement with electric scooters can save 1.9175 
kilograms of CO2e per liter of gasoline, and calculated according to the Ministry of Transportation and Communica-
tion’s 2021 “Report on Motorcycle Usage Survey” that each motorcycle can travel an average of 23.2 kilometers per 
liter of gasoline based on the average annual motorcycle travel distance of 4,500 kilometers on the “Auto Energy 
Website”. 
        Calculation: 102 scooters*1.9175 kilograms of CO2e*(4,500 kilometers/23.2 kilometers)/1,000=38 metric tons of CO2e
＊2：Based on calculations using the ICAO Carbon Emissions Calculator Methodology, the total amount of carbon 
emissions from air travel was 154 metric tons of 2e, which works out to 64,285.57 liters in total fuel consumption. 
Based on the coefficient conversion for energy consumption (GJ) in the unit thermal value table of energy products 
provided in the Bureau of Energy's 2020 Energy Statistics Handbook, the thermal value of aviation fuel is 8,000 
Kcal/L. From there, 2,151.77 GJ in energy consumption can be deduced.
Set up an electric scooter
battery exchange station in the
open space of Dadaocheng
Branch to promote
low-polluting scooters.
＊1：Due to the impact of the COVID-19 epidemic in 2020, the Group's overseas business travel decreased significantly 
compared to the previous year and carbon emissions also fell sharply.
＊2：The 2022~2023 targets were set based on the average of 364 tons CO2e in carbon emissions for business travel 
in the 4 years prior to the outbreak of the COVID-19 epidemic (2016 to 2019). The Company has set a target to 
reduce such carbon emissions by 5% each year. 
＊3：Conversion coefficients are based on the ICAO Carbon Emissions Calculator Methodology.
2023 Goals
Goals
297
100
Less than
313＊2
Actual
number
2022
2021
290
2020
263＊1
2019
Year
Item
373
330
100
100
100
100
100
Verification of Scope 3 in
ISO 14064-1 (Indirect emissions
from transportation - business
travel) (Unit: ton CO2e)
●○ Carbon Emissions from First Financial Holding's Business Travel over the Years
Percentage of coverage (%)
117

118
＊1：In 2019, FFHC purchased 160 tons of carbon right certificates which equals approximately 300,000 kWh of renewable energy. In 2020, FFHC 
purchased 300 tons of carbon credits, which equaled approximately 589,391 kWh in the use of renewable energy, and purchased 138,000 kWh of 
renewable energy certificates.；In 2021, we purchased 181 metric tons of carbon credits (which equaled 360,558 kWh in the use of renewable 
energy), 27,000 kWh of renewable energy certificates and 652,000 kWh of green electricity；In 2022, we purchased 85 metric tons of carbon credits 
(which equaled 166,994 kWh in the use of renewable energy), 110,000 kWh of renewable energy certificates and 1,517,000 kWh of green electricity. 
＊2：Energy consumption (GJ) is mainly based on amount of electricity (kWh) as shown on the company's electricity meters, and the conversion of this 
coefficient for 2019-2020 is mainly based on the parameters compiled by the Bureau of Energy, Ministry of Economic Affairs in the Energy Audit 
Annual Report for Productive Industries 2012 and the coefficient for 2021~2022 is based on the parameters in the Heat Content of Energy Products 
in the Energy Statistics Handbook 2020.
＊3：The " Electricity Carbon Emission Factor " is announced every year by Bureau of Energy, MOEA.
2-4 Carbon Footprint Management
Yung-Ho Branch and Wanhua Branch obtained the 
carbon reduction label from the Environmental Protection 
Administration in 2019 and 2020, respectively. The carbon 
reduction of over-the-counter services at Wanhua Branch 
reached 3.55%, and the carbon reduction at Yung-Ho 
Branch reached 3.79%.In 2021, Wanhua Branch won the 
Excellence Award in the “2021 Low-Carbon Product 
Award” of the Environmental Protection Agency with the 2 
certifications of “Product Carbon Footprint Label” and 
“Product Carbon Reduction Label”, demonstrating 
specific carbon management and carbon reduction 
performance. The aforementioned "Product Carbon 
Footprint Label Certificate" and "Product Carbon Footprint 
Reduction Label Certificate" had also been extended to 
2022 in order to enhance carbon footprint management.
2-5 Use of Renewed Energy
1. Installation of Rooftop Solar Power Generation Systems
To respond to the green energy policy, the FFHC has used the renewable energy. In 2022, it reduced 130.95 metric tons of 
CO2e. Between 2015 and 2022, the Company purchased a total of 5.0609 million kWh worth of green power, carbon credits 
and Taiwan Renewable Energy Certificates. In addition, after assessing the sunshine conditions of the operating sites, rooftop 
solar power generation systems were built in 2016. As of the end of 2022, 20 rooftop solar generation systems have been 
completed and the total annual carbon reduction amounted to 130.68 metric tons CO2e. FFHC set goals for producing and 
using 210MWh of renewable energy for 2023 and will continue to increase the proportion of the Group's use of renewable 
energy, so that we may implement environmental sustainability policies. 
FFHC has launched and invited industry peers to discuss 
and establish the "Counter Service Carbon Footprint 
Calculation" product category rules (PCR), which were 
approved by the Environmental Protection Administra-
tion in June 2017 and announced on the Carbon 
Footprint Labeling website, providing financial industry 
peers with a set of regulations for calculating counter 
service carbon footprint. In July 2017, we obtained the 
SGS-certified Carbon Footprint Verification Statement. 
We received the EPA Service Carbon Footprint Label 
Certificate in September 2017. According to our 
research, the First Bank HQ Sales Department and 
Wanhua Branch produce 2 kg and 800 g of CO2e when 
providing counter service to a single person.
2023 Goals
Goals
210
3,163,400
3,373,400
120
1,517,000
1,637,000
Actual Results
2022
2021
215.12
1,039,558
1,254,678
4,514.63
0.502
629.85
2020
163.82
727,391
891,213
7,718.69
0.509
453.63
2019
Year
Item
122.71
300,000
422,705
3,661.00
0.533
225.30
256.74
1,793,994
2,050,738
7,379.05
0.509
1,043.83
Energy consumed (MWh)
kWh purchased＊1
Energy consumption (GJ)＊2
Carbon reduction result (MT of CO2e)
Electricity Carbon Emission Factor＊3
●○ Renewable energy consumption & green power purchases in the past years
800g
2016412002
R1916412001
Total kWh of purchased and used
renewable energy

119
2. Switching to green electricity
In order to improve the use of renewable energy, the Company signed a contract with the renew-
able energy electricity seller for the switching to green electricity and purchased green electricity 
with “Bundled RECs”. The electricity consumption can be directly deducted from Taipower’s bill, 
substantially reducing carbon emissions. Green power has been made available to the Company's 
18 locations of operations via power wheeling since December 2021. As of the end of 2022, 
1,087,000 kWh of green power has been provisioned, as "100% Green Power Branch" labels are 
posted on business units' main entrance or ATMs. Locations expected to receive green power via 
power wheeling in 2023 include the Head Office Building and IT Building, as the share of renewable 
energy gradually increases over the years.
New Taipei City
・Yanping building
・Huashan Branch
Miaoli County
・Zhunan Branch
・Toufen Branch
Pingtung County
・Donggang Branch
・Hengchun Branch
Taoyuan City
・Taoyuan Branch
Changhua County
・Lugang Branch
Taichung City
・Taiping Branch
・Dongshi Branch
・Fengyuan Branch
・Shalu Branch
Kaohsiung City
・Luzhu Branch
・Sanmin Branch
・Xinxing Branch
Tainan City
・Madou Branch
・Zhuxi Branch
・Dawan Branch
・Beimen Building
Yunlin County
・Beigang Branch
20 Rooftop Solar Power Generation Systems in Taiwan
158.35
0.509
80.60
Energy consumed (MWh)
Electricity Carbon Emission Factor＊
Carbon reduction result (MT of CO2e)
●○ Carbon Emissions Reduction of Rooftop Solar Power Generation Systems
2020
215.12
0.502
107.99
2021
256.74
0.509
130.68 
2022
Item
Year
＊：The " Electricity Carbon Emission Factor " is announced every year by Bureau of Energy, MOEA. 
“Branch Using Green
Electricity” posted at
Taiping Branch 

120
The FFHC is committed to promoting the greening policy for buildings. In 2017, our Wanhua 
Branch set up a "Ecological hydroponic green rooftop from solar power generation and 
rainwater harvesting systems" which combined the solar power generation, rainwater 
harvesting, and aquaponic systems. The rainwater harvesting system is to complement water 
supply for the aquaponic system. We use solar panels to generate electricity for use in the 
systemic circulation to decontaminate, filter and purify the water. The aquaponic system 
grows vegetables on the water and raise fish in the water. Fish excrement is used as a 
nutrient source for plants to form a self-sufficient circular mode, which creates a "zero-carbon 
farm". Green rooftop can be used to increase greening and reduce the urban heat island 
effect. It establishes a horizontal and vertical ecosphere and provides wildlife with habitats. 
In order to expand the benefits of green roofs and duplicate the successful experience from 
the Wanhua Branch, the second green roof was installed at the Huashan Branch Building in 
2020, and the third green roof was installed at the Chang'an Branch Building in 2022. The 
trinity concept of production, life and ecology is thereby carried out concretely. Solar power 
generated at the Wanhua Branch Building and Huashan Branch Building amounted to 4,476 
kWh in 2022, which led to an annual carbon emissions reduction of 2.28 metric tons of CO2e.
＊1：FFHC's water consumption statistics are mainly filed by each unit in accordance with water bills and compiled by the Sustainable Environment Work 
Group of the Sustainable Development Committee.
＊2：The scope of coverage between 2019 and 2021 included all of First Bank's domestic locations of operations, securities firms, securities investment 
trust enterprises, life insurance companies and the AMC Head Office. Securities firms, securities investment trust enterprises, life insurance 
companies and AMC's domestic locations of operations were added in 2022. First Bank's overseas locations of operations have also been added 
to the pool in 2023.
2023 Goals
Goals
Less than 242.15
Less than 214.8
Actual Results
2022
2021
2020
2019
Year
Item
201.23
99
201.58
99
200.872
99
213.77
99
Total water consumption
Percentage of coverage (%)
●○ The  FFHC's Consumption of Municipal Water Supplie
Unit: million liters
Green roof at the
Chang'an Building
The Company installed a rainwater recycling pool on 11F of the Yanping building for watering plants on the roof.
2-6 Reducing Water Use and Conserving Water Resources
In 2012, the FFHC installed a 1.3 million liters rainwater reclamation tank in the basement of the Headquarters building to 
supply water for watering the gardens and toilets.FFHC set up rainwater recycling pools at Yanping building and Zhongli 
Branch in 2020 to use rainwater for watering plants on the roof and make full use of water resources.In 2022, the Group’s total 
water consumption was 214.49 million liters. Tap water therefore made up 99.66% of the water consumption and 0.34% came 
from the Headquarters building basement's overflow and rainwater. FFHC investigated water consumption at each company 
including operating sites. Apart from First Bank's existing domestic locations of operations, securities firms, securities investment 
trust enterprises, life insurance companies and the AMC Head Office, units included in calculating the total amount of water 
consumption also expanded to encompass securities firms, securities investment trust enterprises, life insurance companies 
and AMC's domestic locations of operations in 2022. First Bank's overseas locations of operations have also been included in 
the pool in 2023.
In order to improve water use efficiency, the headquarters building introduced the “ISO 46001 Water Efficiency Management 
Systems” and obtained certification in 2021, strengthening water resources management measured by implementing and 
optimizing the daily management of major water-consuming equipment, as well as through the water use review and perfor-
mance evaluation, including using a management and monitoring system to control the operations of each water pump. Water 
consumption at each operating site was regularly investigated to see if there was any leakage in the piping and facilities. 
Speedy repair was a must in case of leakage. Certified green water-saving devices such as water-saving tap fittings, 2-stage 
flushing toilets, and sensor-controlled urinals were also installed to reduce water usage. We adjust the kitchen dishwashing 
process to save washing water. In addition, to protect water resource, we have installed an oil trap in the headquarters' on-site 
kitchen, utilized eco-friendly cleaning agents, and used warm water to clean dishes, which will reduce the quantity of cleaning 
agents used. In addition, we have engaged contractors to carry out septic tank pumping on a regular basis and conducted 
wastewater testing to determine the directional flow of contaminants, thereby improving overall water quality and reducing 
pollution.
3. Ecological hydroponic green rooftop from solar power generation and rainwater harvesting system

2-7 Upgrading IT Equipment: Paperless Operations
Through the building of a green data center, the FFHC upgraded its information 
equipment, replaced the old servers, and implemented paperless teaching, meetings, 
services, and administration. The core business system development has also been 
oriented towards the concept of energy saving and carbon reduction. Since 2008, the 
review system has been continuously optimized, and the credit checking/giving opera-
tion process has been changed from manual/paper operations to full implementation 
on the system. And the automatic import of the data from Joint Credit Information 
Center, the group-based operations for accounts of groups at home and abroad, etc. have been introduced one after another, 
thereby saving much paper printing. Furthermore, FFHC upgrades IT equipment and actively incorporates digital services in 
"marketing", "transactions", "payment", and "account services".First Bank even partnered with "Space4M", an AOU subsidiary, 
to install the WMS digital content public performance system at its 188 branches across Taiwan in 2023. Through this WMS 
central control and management system, advertising and marketing activities can be delivered to and remotely managed on 
display screens at branch offices in real time. By doing so, the Company has been able to provide more premium digital 
services and experiences, as it progressively marches toward paperless marketing operations.
121
Number of official
documents issued
electronically/carbon
quantity reduced
Number of electronic
bills and DM/carbon
quantity reduced
Hours of online
teaching/carbon
quantity reduced
Number of electronic
automated transactions
/carbon quantity
reduced 
●○ Carbon reduction at FFHC from paperless initiative
315,284/14,181.47
 MT CO2e
9
4
-47
8
8
2022
Item
Year
284,926/13,012.51
 MT CO2e
2021
 349,269/15,560.09
MT CO2e
2020
360,590/15,580.39
 MT CO2e
371,369,856/3,342.33
MT CO2e
357,280,219/3,215.52
MT CO2e
311,911,294/2,807.20
MT CO2e
310,690,198/2,796.21
MT CO2e
444,779 hours/
49.82MT CO2e
834,072 hours/
93.42 MT CO2e
770,155 hours/86.25
MT CO2e
662,935 hours/74.25
MT CO2e
100,478,626/562.68
MT CO2e
92,803,648/519.70
MT CO2e
73,432,116/411.22
MT CO2e
59,250,942/331.81
MT CO2e
Total carbon reductions
from paperless initiative
18,136.30MT CO2e
16,841.15MT CO2e
18,864.76 MT CO2e
18,782.66 MT CO2e
2019
Growth in 2022
compared with
2021 in carbon
reduction(%)
＊：The carbon quantity reduced from electronic billing and DM was calculated based on the Taiwan Products Footprints Information Network on the 
official website of EPA, Executive Yuan: one sheet of B4-sized paper meant 0.009 kg of CO2e emissions; the carbon quantity reduced from electronic 
automated transactions was based on the same source: one sheet of A4-sized paper meant 0.0056 kg of CO2e emission.
• Implemented the "New Enterprise e-Loan System" and 
"Consumer e-Loan System" for credit checks and reviews, 
resulting in a computerized system that reduces paper 
consumption.
• Joint credit information are now automatically imported. 
Borrower/ policy-holder credit information can be queried 
online making printed paperwork unnecessary.
• Implemented an account-keeping database for the group 
to automatically import domestic and overseas group data.
• Internal documents use both sides of a paper when possible.
• Internal documents and employee pay sheet are now in 
electronic form. Recycled envelopes are used for sending 
printed documents.
• Use of Internet bulletin board for announcements.
• Reduced the use of paper cups and meal boxes.
• Recycled paper packaging for bills; eco-friendly ink used for 
printing envelopes and annual reports.
• The process of providing services, including "marketing", 
"transaction", "payment" and "accounting", is introduced 
into digital services to reduce paper usage.
• Provide customers with mobile and online insurance 
application services, and provide electronic insurance 
policies for insurance cases purchased online
• A "digital content public performance system" has been 
installed at branches across Taiwan to remotely manage 
and deliver advertising and marketing activities in real 
time, thereby reducing the amount of paper used for 
advertising and marketing.
• The development of the "First e-Academy" online learning 
system, collaborative system cloud and data cloud have 
effectively reduced paper consumption.
• Physical classroom teaching adopts slides or iPad to 
reduce paper usage.
Paperless learning
Paperless Services
• Printed materials no longer provided at most meetings. 
They are instead compiled into electronic files and 
transmitted to the meeting server.
• All business announcements, and sales reviews are 
conducted through video conferencing where possible to 
reduce fuel consumption and carbon emissions from 
business travel. This improved administrative efficiency 
and reduced carbon emissions.
Paperless meeting
Paperless credit review
Paperless administration

122
2-8 Recycled Wastes
To maximize resource recycling, annual recycling targets have been set by FFHC for all group companies to implement waste 
sorting practices. A zero waste basket policy is also rigorously enforced with no personal waste baskets placed in the office. 
This policy encourages employees to take their trash to the recycling bins to be sorted. In2020, FFHC expanded the scope of 
statistics on garbage removal volume and recycled resources from the head office buildings of subsidiaries and the First Bank 
IT building to all First Bank and First Securities branches in Taiwan. In 2021, all domestic branches of First Securities Investment 
Trust, Life Insurance and AMC were further included. Resource recycling & sorting as well as garbage amount tallying have 
been conducted on a trial basis at First Bank's overseas units since July 2022. Targets were also set for these units in 2023, in 
an attempt to implement resource recycling & sorting and manage garbage amount at these locations of operations.
＊1：The scope of statistics on resource recycling in 2019 included the head office buildings of subsidiaries and the First Bank IT building, and it was 
expanded to all First Bank and First Securities branches in Taiwan in 2020. As a result, the volume of waste paper, paper containers, plastic, bottles, 
aluminum, iron, and glass increased significantly from the previous year. Starting from 2021, all domestic branches of First Securities Investment 
Trust, life insurance and AMC were added to the scope of statistics.
＊2：First Life Insurance replaced the batteries in the uninterruptable power system in 2021, resulting in a significant increase in the category of batteries 
and electronic equipment compared to the previous year.
Paper and paper containers
Plastic and PET bottles
Aluminum, iron, glass, Aluminum foil packs
Batteries and electronic devices
Cooking oils
●○ Comparison of Trash and Recycling Amounts of of FFHC over years
-3
5
-12
-78
4
-3
2022
177,652
29,162
19,204
133
354
226,505
2021
183,153
27,839
21,826
598＊2
340
233,756
2020
223,546
29,351
26,002
35
570
279,504
2019
26,988
2,928
2,192
233
708
33,049
Item
Year
Magnitude of change
from previous year (%)
Unit: kg
298,287
7,035
4,481
5,328
153
First Bank
First Securities
First Securities Investment Trust
First Life Insurance
First Financial AMC
●○ Carbon quantity reduced from official documents issued electronically in 2022
Quantity Utilized
14,136.66
30.69
3.84
10.23
0.05
Carbon reduction result (Unit: MT of CO2e)＊2
Company
8,463
779
153
343
61
315,284
14,181.47
9,799
No. of Users
＊1：The carbon quantity reduced from electronic official documents was calculated based on the Taiwan Products Footprints Information Network on 
the official website of EPA, Executive Yuan: one sheet of A4-sized paper meant 0.0056 kg of CO2e emission.
＊2：Carbon reduction amount = the times of usage * the number of users * the amount of carbon emission per A4 paper / 1,000
376,336
43,356
5,918
18,196
973
First Bank
First Securities
First Securities Investment Trust
First Life Insurance
First Financial AMC
●○ Carbon quantity reduced from online teaching in 2022
Hours of online
teaching
Company
42.15
4.86
0.66
2.04
0.11
444,779
49.82
Carbon reduction result
(Unit: MT of CO2e)＊
＊：Carbon reduction amount = course hours * 
assuming that the online course saves 20 sheets of 
A4 paper per hour * the carbon emission per A4 
paper / 1,000
Total
Total
Total

123
2-9 Environmental Education
General administration personnel have been designated as the energy-saving and carbon reduction promotion cadre as each 
FFHC unit. They are responsible for implementing energy-saving and carbon reduction measures and promoting the latest 
environmental protection regulations. 6 employees have obtained the "Environmental Educator Qualifications" certification and 
they are responsible for planning and providing environmental education courses. FFHC partnered with the social innovation 
organization "Friendly SEED Co., Ltd." to launch four courses on green finance and environmental education, namely, energy 
conservation and carbon reduction in green buildings, climate change risk management, green loans and loan review, and 
green consumer finance. In 2021, affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, in order to let the environmental education stay uninter-
rupted, 2 sets of online interactive courses for environmental education (currency evolution, seal history and DIY) had been 
newly developed. The Company collaborated with its partner for environment education--Yang Ming Cultural Foundation--to 
conduct the "Environment Education Class-Carbon Emissions Reduction Pioneer Summer Camp" in 2022, which enabled partici-
pants to better understand green finance and the marine transport industry.We hosted 27 sessions of courses on environmen-
tal education targeting enterprises, government agencies, and schools with a total of 718 participants in 2022. In 2015, we 
began organizing online environmental education courses for employees .In 2022, 14 sessions of environmental protection-re-
lated training were held by the companies and attended by 10,470 people. Employees in each company on average received 
at least 2 hours of training.
226.5
279.04
18.39
260.65
Recycled waste＊1
Garbage removal volume＊1 (a＋b)
Sanitary landfill volume (a)＊2
Waste incineration volume (b)＊2
●○ Recycled Waste, and Garbage removal volume of FFHC over years
2022
233.8
279.7
7.7
272.0
2021
279.50
240.37
6.58
233.79
2020
33.05
59.71
1.25
58.46
2019
Not Less than 182.72
Less than 337.21
2023 Goals
Item
Year
Not Less than 173.91
Less than 287.7
2022 Goals
＊1：The scope of coverage in 2019 includes the subsidiaries' HQ buildings and First Bank IT Building. First Bank and First Securities' domestic branches 
were added into the scope in 2020. First Securities Investment Trust, First Life Insurance and all of AMC's domestic branches were added to the 
scope of coverage in 2021. First Bank's overseas units were added in 2023.
＊1：The percentage of sanitary landfill volume and waste incineration volume is estimated based on the data in the 2022 annual report of the EPA.
Unit: Tons

2-11 Green Restaurant
The Company has set up a green restaurant in its Headquarters Building. This restaurant prioritizes the use of local food 
ingredients while working with nearly organic farms. Procurement of organic vegetables for the restaurant not only reduces 
food mileage and carbon footprint, but also creates revenues for the peasants. No disposable dining utensil are provided at 
the restaurant, where environment-friendly detergents are used in combination with lukewarm water rinsing to reduce the 
amount of detergents used. Employees who bring their own environment-friendly utensils are entitled to one additional dish. 
To avoid food wastage, employees are encouraged to cherish their food and reduce emissions, and personalized portions 
are also available. "LOHAS vegetarian meals" were launched at the employee restaurant on November 25, 2022 to coincide 
with the International Meatless Day, as professional dietitians were tasked with designing wholesome and low-carbon menus. 
Employees are encouraged to show their love for the Earth with real actions in their daily diet.
2-10 Encouraged Employees to Propose their Ideas and Held the Environmental Protection 
         Competition
The Company has held environment protection and energy conservation contests among various locations of operations since 
2015. In accordance with its internal carbon pricing policy, First Bank has conducted the "Carbon Management & Power 
Conservation Contest for Domestic Business Units" for three straight years since 2020, while reviewing and allocating emissions 
reduction targets for each of these domestic business units. Since 2021, the Company has also announced the status of power 
conservation in relation to the target at each business units on a quarterly basis. Goal achievement rates are calculated and 
announced at the end of the fourth quarter each year. These contests awarded a total of 36 commendations to units with stellar 
performance in 2021 and 2022. Awardees included deputy supervisors. 1,108,400 kWh of electricity has been saved cumula-
tively as a result of the power conservation contests among domestic business units in the past two years, which turned out to 
be 360,200 kWh more than the original target. That is equivalent to around 182.18 metric tons of carbon emissions reduction. 
After factoring in the cost of NT$4,616 to reduce one metric ton of carbon emissions in the past two years, the Company has 
managed to save around NT$838,000. Carbon pricing reports were distributed to bank branches that had failed to meet their 
carbon emissions reduction targets, so that they understood they should have paid carbon emissions charge for exceeding 
the limit. They were also required to submit their plans for carbon emissions reduction. In an attempt to beef up the group's 
carbon emissions reduction measures, the Company even plans to expand related internal carbon pricing contests to First 
Securities, First Life Insurance and First Financial AMC in 2023. Furthermore, employees have been encouraged to submit 
proposals for environmental protection and energy conservation measures since 2014. Sales units also pitched in for review 
and approval, and incentive bonuses were given out. There were a total of 13 related proposals in 2022. Six of them were 
eventually approved and adopted, while NT$1,800 in incentives was distributed.
124
A green restaurant
has been set up in the Headquarters Building
Non-disposable dining utensils are used
Personalized portions are
available for order to echo the call to cherish food
"LOHAS vegetarian meals" are launched

125
3-1 Sustainable Procurement
FFHC introduced the 7 core themes of the ISO 20400 Sustainable Procurement Guidance in 2020 to instill the concept of 
sustainability into procurement practices and Collaborate with suppliers to grasp the opportunity to create value together. The 
Group completed ISO 20400：2017 Sustainable Procurement Guidance Performance Evaluation certification in November 
2022. The green purchasing target for 2022 was NT$80 million per year. The actual purchase amount in totaled NT$150.86 
million.We were recognized as Benchmark Private Businesses and Groups in Green Purchasing by Taipei City Government for 
the 8th consecutive year. 
Sustainable Procurement and Supplier Management
GRI：2-6、204-1、308-1、308-2、403-7、407-1、414-1、414-2、FS2
●○ Process for Introducing the ISO 20400：2017 Sustainable Procurement Guidance
FFHC classified suppliers based on their industry type and procurement amounts. Industries with higher or procurement 
amounts or specific industry types are identified as critical procurement industries. The Group initially identified four key procure-
ment industries including renovation construction, IT equipment and maintenance, Labor services (Cleaning Services), and 
printing and advertising, as industries with sustainability risks involving human rights, labor practices, environment, and fair 
operating practices.
Established a supplier scoring system to include governance, environmental, and social factors include the "preliminary supplier 
review items". If a supplier passes the review, it is included in the database of qualified suppliers which is provided to procure-
ment units for conducting inquiries and selecting preferred suppliers .We have established 29 categories of information for 
qualified vendors.
We use the three-step supply chain management procedures to incorporate the sustainability policy into procurement practices. 
Please refer to the "Supplier Sustainability Management" for the Company's specific measures for supplier management.
• Prioritize the purchase of products with environmental protection, energy conservation, or water 
conservation mark and green architecture materials.
• Select EPA-approved products made from recycled materials which are recyclable, generate low 
amounts of pollution, and offer energy savings benefits.
• During the renovation and construction of the operating locations, more than 60% of the indoor and 20% 
of the outdoor used the green architecture materials.
• Select EPA-approved products made from recycled materials which are recyclable, generate low 
amounts of pollution, and offer energy savings benefits.
• Reject the purchase of products which have excessive packaging, cause environmental damage, or are 
non-biodegradable and machinery which consumes large quantities of energy.
• Our purchasing policy emphasizes cross-compatibility, ensuring that items procured for remodeling 
company locations, such as mechanical equipment and other products, can be re-used alongside 
existing hardware.
• Designs that could be easily dismantled or recycled and software-upgradeable equipment are chosen. 
• Verify that purchased cleaning products do not contain hazardous substances.
• Whenever possible, use recycled or reusable packaging, for example: refill packs.
• Choose products that can be diluted on-site first to reduce shipping and packaging requirements.
• Cleaning technology enabling efficient water and energy consumption is employed to reduce the 
demand for water and energy.
• Products that meet the criteria for eco-friendly labels (such as environment-friendly labels and carbon 
labels) are prioritized and preferred.
• Make sure that the cleaning crew meets regulatory wage requirements.
• Products with environment-friendly labels or other eco-friendly labels are prioritized and preferred.
• Toner cartridges come from recycled original toner cartridges.
• Carbon powder does not contain heavy metals (such as mercury, cadmium, lead, or hexavalent chromium).
• Ink shall not contain carcinogenic, mutagenic and toxic materials.
• Paper shall not contain chlorine, and thermal paper rolls shall not contain bisphenol A.
• Use of recyclable packaging is mandatory, and no synthesized halogenation materials are allowed.
Identification of key
procurement industries
Establish sustainability guidelines for key
procurement industries
Establish supplier
preview mechanisms
Renovation
construction
Key procurement industry
Sustainability risk
IT equipment and
maintenance
Labor services
(Cleaning Services)
Printing and
advertising
Human rights
Labor practices
Fair operating practices
The environment
• Compulsory labor   • Child labor
• Health and safety   • Work hours
• Anti-bribery
• Greenhouse
   gas
• Waste
• Greenhouse gas
• Waste
• Greenhouse
   gas
• Wastewater
• Waste
• Greenhouse gas
Sustainability guidelines
Industry-specific guidelines
Key
procurement
industry
General
guidelines
Before 
suppliers may 
participate in 
the bidding 
process, we 
first check to 
determine 
whether they 
have been 
implicated in 
any infractions 
relating to 
environmental 
pollution, 
contravention 
of labor laws 
and 
regulations, or 
societal harm, 
in which case 
an 
explanation is 
required, or 
the 
companies 
are excluded 
as potential 
partners.
ESG Factors Evaluated in the Preliminary Supplier Evaluation
Governance Factors
Quality control
Ethical corporate management
Compliance
Social Factors
Labor rights management
Occupational Health and safety
Environmental Factors
Environmental management
Pollution and hazardous substance management
Waste management
Renovation
construc-
tion
IT 
equipment 
and 
mainte-
nance
Printing 
and 
advertising
Labor 
services
(Cleaning 
Services)
Manage-
ment
review

126
3-2 Supplier Sustainability Management
FFHC established the "Supplier Management Guidelines" as the policy and guiding principles for the management of suppliers 
of the Group. We require suppliers to comply with the Guidelines when signing contracts and we require suppliers to sign the 
"Human Rights and Environmental Sustainability Clauses" and to increase awareness. We also require subsidiaries to use site 
visits and audits to encourage suppliers to implement the Guidelines. The contents include basic labor rights for suppliers, 
environmental protection, sustainable management, and occupational safety and health regulations.
FFHC set up a 3-step supply chain management process in 2013,supplier management is used to select vendors that satisfy 
the spirit of sustainable development as long-term partners, including: purchasing of energy-saving equipment, purchasing and 
maintenance of IT equipment, construction and interior design, business-related OA equipment and landscape and environ-
mental greening engineering. As a principle, the main procurement regions include suppliers of the place country of opera-
tions and those close to business locations. In 2022 100%＊1 of all purchasing came from local suppliers＊2 to ensure the stability 
and localization of the supply chain as well as reduce carbon emissions in the transportation process and create local job 
opportunities.
The Company has actively striven to establish a green supply chain in order to implement an operation pattern that is responsi-
ble for the environment. First Financial Holding reviewed suppliers with relatively high procurement amounts in 2022 to get an 
overall assessment on whether they had practiced carbon footprint verification or set targets for carbon emissions reduction. 
In 2022, there were 211 suppliers with more than NT$1 million in procurement and business dealings with the Company during 
the previous two years. Among them, 15 were publicly listed suppliers that fell into critical procurement industries while having 
practiced carbon footprint verification or set carbon emissions reduction targets. The Company also plans to establish a GHG 
inventory platform for suppliers in 2023 to continue to get a better grip on suppliers' carbon emissions, in addition to refining 
supply chain's low carbon management measures.
＊1：Calculated based on the 205 suppliers with whom the Group conducted transaction in 2022. 
＊2：Local refers to countries in which various locations of operations are based.
＊1：According to the number of vendors in the 2022 statistics, 202 out of 472 suppliers were identified as risks in violation of human rights. They included 1 
clothing service companies, 3 transportation companies, 95 decoration companies, 22 air conditioning companies, 55 plumbing and electrical engineer-
ing companies, 15 fire safety engineering companies, 7 landscape companies, and 4 solar power construction companies with higher rates of musculo-
skeletal injuries and occupational safety risks.
＊2：There were no cases where suppliers of the Company received penalties for violation of labor laws before signing contracts or within the contract 
duration and failed to make improvements. Therefore, there were no records of termination of partnerships with suppliers.
(a) Percentage of no. of current vendors based on assessments (%)
(b) Ratio of identified risks to items (a) that have been assessed 
(c) Ratio of mitigation procedures that have been implemented to items with identified risks among (b) 
●○ Assessed whether suppliers have violated issues related to human rights and percentage of mitigation measures that
            have been implemented.
100
43＊1
100
Item 
2022
• The Company was able to identify the number of suppliers with real & material or potentially negative impacts on 
environment and society. In other words, it found that two suppliers had been non-compliant with environmental laws and 
regulations while 15 had violated labor or occupational health and safety laws and regulations.
• Prior to tender opening in 2022, the Company had evaluated 137 key suppliers (with over NT$1 million in procurement) 
with respect to their potential environmental and social impacts.
• These aforementioned suppliers have put in place corresponding improvement measures. Their improvement rates have 
reached 100% upon evaluation. Therefore, there is no concern about contract termination..
●○ Identification of key suppliers' potential environmental and social impacts and their improvement rates
Please refer to the Company's website for specific contents of the Company's Supplier Management Guidelines.

127
●○ 3-step Supply Chain Management Process
Implementation Results
• Active Inquiries: Before a vendor may participate in the bidding 
process, we first check to determine whether they have been 
implicated in any infractions relating to environmental pollution, 
contravention of labor laws and regulations, or societal harm, in 
which case an explanation is required, or the company is 
excluded as a potential partner.If a supplier passes the review, 
it is included in the database of qualified suppliers which is 
provided to procurement units for conducting inquiries and 
selecting preferred suppliers.Provisions requiring suppliers to 
abide by the Occupational Safety and Health Act have also 
been stipulated in construction contracts.
• Overseas locations: Before a procurement is made, the "Human 
Rights and Environmental Sustainability Evaluation" must be 
completed to check whether the vendor has been implicated in 
any infractions relating to environmental pollution, damages to 
labor or human rights protections, or harm to society.
• Providing guidance to vendors: The Company's Sustainability 
report is provided in electronic format and vendors are asked 
to observe the Company's Sustainable Development policies.
Completed 2,686 vendor inquiries.
(accounting for 100% of all new vendors)
The Group added 359 suppliers to the 
database of qualified suppliers in 2022.
• Education and Compliance Declaration: When entering into an 
agreement, we request vendors to sign a "Declaration on 
Human Rights and Environmental Sustainability Clauses" and to 
agree to comply with the "Directions for Supplier Management 
of FFHC and its Subsidiaries." We advocate to suppliers and 
request them to pledge to comply with fundamental labor and 
human rights protections stipulated in the Universal Declaration 
of Human Rights and Regulations related to occupational safety 
and health, promise to implement human resources policies 
which are fair and equitable, protect the environment, and seek 
to achieve environmental sustainability.
• Declaration to Use Green Materials: When entering into a real 
estate agreement, the prospective tenant must sign a declara-
tion to use green building materials.
• Negotiated Procurement: During negotiated procurement with 
vendors of equipment requiring large amounts of electricity, 
energy efficiency (using Chinese National Standards as a 
standard reference for compliance) is listed as a required 
criterion.
• Employee Qualifications: FFHC has certain qualifications in place 
for third-party maintenance personnel involved in the operation, 
maintenance, repair, or management of facilities, equipment, or 
systems involving high electricity consumption, and we also 
provide energy management awareness training.
• Education and training: Promote the concept of social sustainabil-
ity and environmental protection through supplier meetings, and 
explain "Contractors’ Safety and Health Management Precautions 
"and" Directions for Supplier Management of FFHC and its 
Subsidiaries "to ensure that suppliers clearly understand relevant 
requirements and jointly implement the sustainable development.
• Regular Audits: Audits of qualified suppliers are regularly 
conducted to check for environmental issues, occupational 
hazards, and labor rights violations(including freedom of 
association, forced labor, child labor, occupational safety and 
health). In the event that a compliance violation is identified, the 
supplier is requested to provide an improvement plan, otherwise 
their contract is terminated and the supplier is added to the 
monitoring list.
The "Declaration on Human Rights and 
Environmental Sustainability Clauses" has 
been signed by 2,686 suppliers and we 
have advocated ideas of human rights 
protection. In addition, 1,169 suppliers 
have agreed to comply with the "Directions 
for Supplier Management of FFHC and its 
Subsidiaries" and implementation of 
environmental sustainability in accordance 
with the Directions.
100% of new vendors signed the declara-
tion.
3,569 vendors made an effort to observe 
the Company's Sustainable Development 
policies.
FFHC's overseas locations completed 
"Human Rights and Environmental 
Sustainability Evaluations" for 984 vendors.
100% tenants pledged to use green 
building materials.
34 pieces of high-energy consumption 
equipment were purchased with high  EER 
value.
Held sessions of energy management 
awareness training to train a total of 15 
employees.
A total of 10 persons have attended the 
United Supplier Conference for 
State-owned Financial Institutions.
Spot checks are conducted every quarter 
and records are kept; in addition, each 
year we make a random selection to 
conduct an on-site inspection. 
FFHC conducted onsite inspections on 10 
suppliers in 2022 and found no violations 
of environmental protection or labor 
regulations.
Tangible Actions Taken
Preliminary Screening
Concurrent declaration
Post hoc management
Manage-
ment 
Strategy

SOCIAL
FACTORS
Digital Innovation and Inclusiveness
GRI：FS7、FS8
FFHC supports the United Nations Sustainable Development Goal SDG 8.2 for "achieve 
higher levels of economic productivity through diversification, technological upgrading 
and innovation" and SDG 8.10 "strengthen the capacity of domestic financial institutions to 
encourage and to expand access to banking, insurance and financial services for all". We 
are committed to providing diverse digital finance services through application innovation 
technologies and providing online banking and mobile banking app FinTech services to 
least developed countries. FFHC also integrated various online businesses, smart custom-
er services, and open API connections with big data, cross-industry alliances, and differen-
tiated services to optimize the user interface and functions and provide customers with a 
more diverse and smooth digital finance experience with the aim of becoming customers' 
top choice and a leading brand in the market.
1-1 Optimize Digital Channel Platforms and User Experiences
First Financial Holding has been dedicated to the digital native market through a variety 
of channels, especially the core values of "simple, fast, innovative, and most knowledge-
able of customers" promoted by the digital account sub brand iLEO. Since launch, iLEO 
has surpassed 1.15 million users and a 41.4% growth of new accounts in 2022, establishing 
it as the 5th largest number of digital accounts domestically. The iLEO app was download-
ed 758,000 times for a YOY growth rate of 7.6%. Additionally, First Commercial Bank 
established a "Digital Development Strategic Task Force" and completed 37 reforms of 
digital processes. Of these, 62% were the digitization or recreating processes of existing 
business, 24% were optimizations of existing digital platforms, and 14% were in innovative 
business; the achievements were outstanding, resulting in a cumulative total of 160 
full-time equivalent (FTE) hours, or nearly 320,000 man hours, saved.
128
Reinforce the Synergy
of Digital Brands
2nd Gen
network
Opening
enterprise
accounts
online
Taiwan Pay
iLEO
Sub Brand
Online
banking
for
enterprises
e-Mobile
Verify
identity
Mobile first
optimization
of functions
and experiences
RWD
Development
to connect with
applications
from various
channels
Strengthen
usage volume
of Taiwan Pay
Improved the breadth of
enterprise networks both
domestically and abroad
Coordinate
with
government
phases to
allow the
online
opening of
accounts for
enterprise
customers
Added identity
verification
applications
Expanded discussion around the iLEO brand
FFHC actively embraces the digital wave, encourages and
educates customers to use e-channels, thus reducing counter
transactions, and achieving outstanding results: 
Utilization of e-channels has grown by 10.26% in the last five years
78.07%
2018
88.33%
2022

In the continuance of digital development, First Commercial Bank introduced the application of geological information 
system (GIS) technology in the field of enterprise lending and launched the "Smart (GIS) Dispatch" and "Customer Data 
Collection and Management Platform" which combined a patented big data analytics model and internal/external data 
to visualize customer location and business information on mobile devices. The inclusion of optimal visit routes, enterprise 
care assistance, and new customer development assistance increased the ability and success rate for frontline sales 
personnel to independently explore and obtain nearby enterprise customers. The system received distinction as Asia's 
Leader in Sustainable Finance by IDC's Financial Insights Innovation Award (FIIA).
Smart (GIS) dispatch system and customer data collection and management platform
129
1-2 Smart Applications and FinTech Innovation
In response to the digital transformation of traditional finance, First Commercial Bank launched 
smart robot "Little E" to the customer service center. AI technologies such as natural language 
analysis and machine learning were applied to create a virtual teller capable of comprehen-
sive services, allowing customers to utilize the internet and their mobile device to submit profes-
sional inquiries online, by text or voice 24-hours a day, and immediately receive responses 
through the simple interface and life-like interactions. A cumulative total of 755,633 people 
utilized "smart customer service" by the end of 2022 and received an accurate response rate 
of 98.9%. It won the "Most Popular Brand" category at the 19th The National Brand Yushan 
Award as well as the "Customer Service Excellence Awards - Best Enterprise Application of 
Smart Systems" presented by the Taiwan Contact Center Development Association (TCCDA).
Smart Customer Services
In response to the high demand for retirement planning in Taiwan's aging society, First Bank launched the "e-First smart 
wealth management" service in October 2020. It is the first such service that makes use of algorithms of the international 
investment research institute Morning Star. With the knowledge of more than 300 experts, the service offers a 
"human-machine collaboration" model to assist investors in allocating assets and selecting suitable investment targets. 
The service is distinct from other robo wealth management advisory services on the market because it caters to the 
investment requirements of customers with limited capital, office workers, and the general public. It also features the 
unique "elderly monthly pension plan" to provide customers with fixed monthly cash income upon retirement to make up 
for the deficiencies in personal savings and investments in the three major pillars of pension (social security, occupation-
al pension, and personal savings and investments), and increase the income replacement ratio. We have accumulated 
nearly 39,000 investors by the end of 2022. The investment balance is nearly NT$1.38 billion
Smart wealth management
First Commercial Bank partnered with Test-Rite International to apply the temper-resistant properties of blockchain 
technology to transmit transaction data such as invoices and payment of Test-Rite International's supply chain financing 
via blockchain from the enterprise ERP system directly to First Commercial Bank's supply chain financing platform. In 
addition to reducing human error, saving on operation costs, and strengthening internal controls of data, it accelerated 
the transmission of transaction data, increased the efficiency of funds dispatch, and shortened the time required for 
suppliers to obtain financing.
Implementation of blockchain technology in supply chain financing
• Recommend potential customers to branch locations
• Automatic dispatch of marketing lists from headquarters
• Historic records of visitations
• Report customer status and update database
• Setup personalized lists for visits
• Plan optimal visitation route
• Branch locations promote according to the 
marketing list or independently search for target 
customers
• Visualized presentation of customer data
Database
Smart (GIS)
dispatch and custome
 data collection and
management
platform

130
1-3 Building an Environment for Digital and Innovative Finance
Artificial intelligence applications
• First Bank promoted the "e-speed loan" which provides online calculation of loan limits and 
application services. It also used AI appraisal models for customers to immediately calculate 
mortgage limits and interest rate by entering the address of the real estate in the mortgage and 
basic personal information online. In addition, in order to enhance the efficiency of microfinance 
loan approval, the “single loan application access” has been established, actively inviting payroll 
transfer clients of the bank to apply for credit loans; also, the automatic review mechanism has 
been introduced to reduce manual work processes. In 2022, a total of 40,557 credit loan and 
mortgage limit calculations were conducted through digital channel and 33,391 applications were 
filed.
• To cooperate with government policies for supporting the development of small and micro 
enterprises, First Bank actively promoted "Micro Enterprise e-Services" and used smart AI models 
to provide small and medium enterprises with online loan limit calculation services. First Bank 
processed a total of 6,059 loan applications on "Micro Enterprise e-Services" in 2022.
Robotic Process Automation, RPA
During the credit review process, RPA is used to assist in collecting regular and highly repetitive 
customer data for analysis or review. By the end of 2022, 162 RPA operation procedures have been 
officially launched, reducing a total of 1.038 million hours of operating manpower, equivalent to the 
workload of 518.88 full-time employees.
Mobile and online insurance
Provide consumers with multiple channels to purchase insurance products. Customers can purchase 
First Life Insurance’s “interest sensitive annuity insurance” and “Compulsory Automobile Liability 
Insurance” through the mobile device of the First Bank financial consultant or by themselves through 
the First Bank digital channel.
One-stop opening of accounts
First Securities and First Commercial Bank collaborated to allow new customers to simultaneously 
open securities and digital banking accounts online while also completing setup of the securities 
delivery account. In 2022, a total of 201 accounts were opened.
1-4 Digital Money Transfers
First Bank's leading position in corporate banking as well as comprehensive overseas network have 
been used to set up the First Bank International e-Banking (including "Financing e-Bank App - 
Overseas Branch Internet Banking" and " Financing e-Bank App - Global e-Banking Service"), interna-
tional business cash flow (e.g. Supply chain financing, sales chain financing), international consumer 
cash flow (e.g. international third-party payment) and international clearing system.
Least Developed Countries, LDCs
In order to assist least developed countries (LDCs), such as 
Cambodia, initiate digital banking and increase the 
utilization of digital technologies, the Phnom Penh branch 
in Cambodia provided internet banking and mobile 
banking app services in addition to establishing a physical 
branch to provide local residents with traditional financial 
services. In 2021, "non-designated transfer/remittance 
functionality and eSecure push verification service" was 
added while in 2022, the mobile banking app added 
reporting of lost ATM cards, receipt upload for large 
remittances, and cross-currency transfers, providing LDCs 
with safer, more convenient digital financial services.

131
1-5 Accessible Digital Banking Services for Persons with Disabilities
In order to provide basic, equal, reasonable, and convenient financial services to persons with disabilities, First Commercial 
Bank and First Securities established a financial accessibility service section on the digital platform to improve the digital 
finance gap for customers with disabilities.
Mobile Payment
First Bank has fully introduced the shared QR Code service of "Taiwan Pay." Its "First e-Mobility" , "iLEO Taiwan Pay ",or "Taiwan 
Pay t wallet +" facilitate mobile payment, shopping, payment/ tax payment, fund transfer, and withdrawal through scanning 
QR codes and combine cloud invoices, thereby infinitely extending the convenience of smart life.
Credit Card Mobile Payments
To provide credit card customers with convenient payment tools, First Bank credit cards can be used in Taiwan Pay, Google 
Pay, and Apple Pay so that customers can choose their preferred payment method on their mobile devices. The Bank also 
organized several marketing activities to teach customers how to use mobile payment tools and reduce the use of cash and 
increase the mobile payment transaction volume in Taiwan. As of the end of 2022, 867,444 First Bank credit cards have been 
bound to mobile payment.
Payment Facilitated by Pre-arranged Deposit Account Link
To expand mobile payment applications of deposit accounts, First Bank continues to work with 10 electronic payment opera-
tors such as "JKOS (JKOPAY)", "iPass (LINE Pay Money)", "EasyCard (Easy Wallet)". First Bank ranked first among partner banks 
in the "Payment Facilitated by Pre-arranged Deposit Account Link" by satisfying customers' demands for day-to-day payments. 
First Bank implemented the "integrated account binding for digital account opening" in collaboration with iPASS and launched 
the "LINE Pay Money" direct connection to digital account opening service, becoming the first government-owned bank to 
launch the service. The system automatically connects the account after it is opened to optimize the mobile payment experi-
ence. Also, collaboration with iPASS is currently underway for "reverse linking', which allows customers to utilize their iLEO app 
to link their account with "iPASS MONEY", thereby accelerating the linking process and expanding the content of mobile 
banking services.
First Commercial Bank continues to improve the convenience of using ATMs for persons with disabilities and foreign customers. 
As of the end of 2022, a total of 537 ATMs across Taiwan offer wheelchair access and of these, 513 ATMs offer environments 
(such as slopes) that can meet the needs of persons with disabilities. Additionally, 23 ATMs offer voice services for those with 
visual impairments by simply plugging into the earphone outlet to enter voice accessible mode. All operation locations are 
equipped with braille, allowing clear identification by touch supplemented with voice guidance so that visually impaired 
individuals can perform operations by following each step and complete ATM transactions or inquiries independently; Vietnam-
ese, Bahasa Indonesia, Thai, and Japanese language interfaces will be added to all existing ATMs in 2023 in an effort to 
improve the inclusiveness of financial services.
• Provide 7x24 uninterrupted accessible network and mobile banking services such as transfers, 
account balance inquiry, interest/currency exchange rate inquiry, and other simple internet 
banking functionality
• Provide online sign language video translation services
• Announcement to all business units to provide accessible services, measures, and facilities
• Account holders with a disability ID may utilize mail, teller visits or accessible financial services 
online to apply for processing fee discounts for cross-bank ATM withdrawals at any business 
unit.
• Provide 24-hour uninterrupted search for online markets, opening accounts online, placing 
online orders, securities trading app, and other accessible investment services
• The interface allows adjustment of text size, graphical instructions, and discloses a dedicated 
phone number for detailed explanatory services
• Telephone voice price quotes and transaction services can be used via the internet, allowing 
persons with hearing and mobility impairments to participate in investment transactions
• Provide information on micro insurance products, accessible services and measures, and 
company introduction
• Received AA rating for accessibility
• The official website's "A+ Life" section analyzes customer's policy needs and offers insurance 
planning services
• Platforms such as "First Life Insurance Online Insurance" and FundRich's "Protection Type 
Insurance Product Platform" offer accessible channels for obtaining insurance
First Commercial 
Bank Accessible 
Internet Banking 
and Mobile 
Banking 
(Accessible 
Financial Services 
Network)
First Securities - 
Accessible 
Financial 
Services Zone
First Life 
Insurance - 
Accessible 
Services Zone

132
1-6 Cross-Industry Alliance and Open API Connection
The continued use of strategic alliances to embed the Group's financial services 
in food, fashion, accommodations, travel, education, and entertainment by 
forming cross-industry partnerships to provide applications more accessible to 
consumers. Utilize the dual model of banking-as-a-service (BaaS) and 
banking-as-a-platform (BaaP) to satisfy the daily needs of customers, expand 
digital channels, and practice customer management to build cross-industry 
alliance ecosystems that synergize.
In October 2022, First Commercial Bank partnered with Taiwan Realty to launch the "AI Mortgage Calculator Service" by 
linking APIs from both company's systems. Customers need only select the "AI Mortgage Calculator" on Taiwan Realty's 
official website and an API will transmit property data (such as address, ping size...etc.) from Taiwan Realty for smart 
appraisal in the bank's systems. The results are returned via API to Taiwan Realty's website, allowing customers to obtain 
one-stop data through the click of one button. Customers can also obtain offline mortgage inquiry services by filling out 
their inquiries and a customer service or sales personnel from the bank will actively respond for an improved customer 
experience. As of the end of 2022, a total of 673 cases utilized the "AI Mortgage Calculator Service", 121 cases made 
appointments for mortgage inquiries, and a total of NT$10,100,000 was successfully loaned in 3 cases.
Case
Others
Food
Housing
Transportation
Education
Entertainment
Build
cross-industry
financial
lifestyle
services
API Cross-Industry
Ecosphere
Food
Housing
Education
Clothes
Entertainment
Transportation

133
1-7 Social Media
First Financial Group views social media as an important bridge of communications with customers and a means to develop 
new channels, services, and customers.
• Customer segmentation by characteris-
tics to design customized messages 
and services.
• Provide fast and simple banking 
services (e.g.: exchange rate inquiry, 
online customer service, etc.) to 
reinforce customer use and stickiness.
• Cultivate existing customers and 
provide integrated all-channel 
services.
02-New services
• Develop online accounts, 
provide product services and 
real-time customer service.
• Virtual and real integration of 
communities through channels 
such as e-personal banking, 
e-mobile, and physical branch 
locations expand the scope 
and content of services.
01- New channels
• Attract digital natives, 
youths, and internet users.
• Analyze customer 
behavioral data to 
precisely market towards 
target audiences.
03-New customers
The First Bank Facebook fan page combines the 
products with current affairs and issues in daily 
life to compose posts, enhancing the communica-
tion and stickiness of customers of all ages
First Bank’s Instagram account attracts the 
attention of young people with rich and lively 
content such as lucky draws and LEO filters
In 2022, First Commercial Bank's YouTube 
channel added diverse programs such as "FCB 
Hot Topics", "FCB Radio", and "Almighty Bank 
Teller" to reach different target audiences while 
using product placement to promote the bank's 
financial products.
In 2022, First Commercial Bank's official LINE 
account launched a larger variety of iLEO point 
collection, exchange services and iLEO stickers
First Securities Investment Trust’s Facebook fan 
page communicates with fans by providing topics 
such as market trends, fund information, 
technology news, event information and good 
books on financial management
FSITC's official LINE account provided information 
such as fund promotions, the latest market trends, 
and industry news for customers to grasp the 
latest investment trends
FSITC's YouTube channel shared online videos 
investment information being focused on by 
markets and hosted livestreams to help fans 
grasp the pulse of investment
First Bank
First Securities
Investment Trust
First Securities
Investment Trust
First Securities
Investment Trust
730,000
Number of
fans
328
Marketing
promotion cases
33,000
Number of
fans
22,000
Number of
subscriptions
9,090,000
Reach
41,000
Number of fans
2.32
million posts
7.17
million Reach
5,800,000
Accumulated
number of
friends
234
Business
cases
promoted
537,000
Personalized
services
bound
296.43
million
Reach
14,000
Accumulated
number
of friends
237
messages
1.44
million Reach
3,318
Number of
subscriptions
37
clips
1.12
million Watch

134
2-1 Charitable strategy
We respond to the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and actively uses core functions to help solve social 
and environmental problems. We continued the four major charitable strategies of "Social Care", "Sports Competition", "Artistic 
Cultural Creation", and "Green Care" in 2022 and integrated subsidiaries of the Group, First Bank Culture & Education Founda-
tion and First Bank Volunteer Service Team. We work with customers, suppliers, and non-profit organizations in charitable 
activities. In addition to improving the brand image and corporate social value, these activities also help increase growth in 
overall operations.  
Social Impact
GRI：201-1、203-1、FS1、FS7、FS8、FS14、FS16
SASB：FN-CB-240a.4
5,390 cards/1,902
34,895
61
768
990
29,761
55,703
2,038,078
12
4,655 accounts
3,715 cards/1,703
6,137
55
440
887
29,242
48,579
1,350,050
11
-
3,071 cards/1,787
3,516
13
279
763
23,751
47,634
1,281,420
9
-
5,349 persons
77,286
8,519persons
64,899
6,814 persons
56,517
90.03
50.18
39.86
133
1,067 households/
135
985 persons/45
740 persons/11.1
2,300 persons/230
152
1,410 households/
177
400 persons/41
608 persons/9.1
4,000 persons/211
100
730 households/
110
535 persons/75
1,600 persons/24
-
3,004 persons/
478
2,228 persons/
441
2,226 persons/
483
Commercial benefits
Social/environmental benefits
Resolved
social and
environmental
issues
Driving
force
Impact
"GLORY+ World Cards" in circulation and the proceeds
Proceeds from reverse mortgage "Comfort Loan"
Medical biotechnology or long-term care loan program income
Income from "Worker Relief Loan" and "Micro-Enterprise
e-Services"
Income from First Time Home Buyer Mortgage
Proceeds from loans for small and medium enterprises
Premium income from micro insurance products
Number of new accounts added under public interest
account opening program
Number of beneficiaries in the financial seminars in
remote areas, campuses, and communities
Amount of donations from customers for charity organizations
made through First Bank credit cards
Purchase of gifts for the charity year-end party and income
for the performance of disadvantaged groups 
Number of beneficiary households of donations to the
Food Bank and amount
Number of beneficiaries in overseas charitable activities
and amount of donations
Number of beneficiaries in domestic volunteer clinic
activities and amount of medical expenses saved
Number of beneficiaries and amount contributed in
Helping Villages with no Doctors program
The senior citizens' easy-care trust and disabled people's
care trust
Proceeds from "financing projects for the reconstruction
of dangerous and old buildings"
Amount of donations allocated to public welfare organiza-
tions/community integrated service centers (stone soup) from 
digital account application and life insurance purchasing
Number of beneficiaries of disadvantaged schoolchildren 
(including rebates from the World Card, breakfast for 
schoolchildren in remote areas, financial support for 
disadvantaged schoolchildren, and financial industry 
scholarship donations) and amount donated
• The wealth gap between urban and rural areas makes it difficult for disadvantaged groups to obtain education
   resources and financial information and services.
• Many buildings in cities are too old and they affect the safety of the people and their property and they affect
   the quality of life.
• Taiwan's aging society has made the lack of resources for long-term care of the elderly increasingly severe.
• Resolve youth and low birthrate issues and help youths uphold optimism in facing the future.
We promote financial inclusion and SDGs, look after young home buyers, protect the assets of seniors in today's aging 
society, and donate resources to underprivileged groups and people living in isolated areas. We strongly support 
small and medium enterprises, and provide First Time Home Buyer Mortgages and Comfort Loans to young customers. 
The amount of ESG-backed retirement trusts for the elderly and disability trusts for customers with physical or mental 
disabilities reached NT$18.511 billion, and we contributed a total of approximately NT$782.64 million to the members 
of underprivileged groups and people living in isolated areas during 2022.
Upholding the spirit of the financial service industry, we provide a variety of financial services via a diversified digital 
platform and through loans to seniors and members of underprivileged groups. At the same time, we combine the 
application for digital accounts and the purchase of life insurance products to allocate donation amounts, and disclose 
information on donations to public welfare groups for free. We encourage customers to donate by credit card to provide 
equipment for medical stations in mountainous and isolated areas, and therefore help resolve the lack of resources for 
disadvantaged groups and rural residents. This is one of the ways we hope to spread the impact of our company as a 
member of the financial industry to every corner in Taiwan.
Social Care
Amount Unit: ten thousand
Solution
2022
2021
2020

135
Solution
2022
2021
2020
19 employees/
4,592.3
42
16 gold medals,
15 silver medals,
24 bronze medals
18 employees/
4,215.6
9 gold medals,
17 silver medals,
25 bronze medals
No award money
provided for winners
10 employees/
1,985
2 gold medals
1 silver medal,
3 bronze medals
24
1,881 players
Awards won by the First Bank men's table tennis
team in Taiwan and abroad (number of medals)
Rewards won by the First Bank table tennis team in
Taiwan and abroad
Number of participants in the national tennis and
table tennis tournaments
Hiring athletes as official employees and contribution 
of employees to the Bank's profitability
• Provide cutting-edge singers, musicians and vulnerable groups to perform on stage.
• The arts, cultural, and events sectors went downhill due to the serious outbreak of COVID-19. We injected funds into 
the arts and cultural industries by providing financing and trust services to help the industries develop and transform 
to weather the crisis.
Promote public welfare projects related to arts and culture education, expand the horizons of the Taiwanese people 
towards arts and culture, build a legacy of Taiwan’s traditional arts and culture, enhance the cultural competence of 
customers and employees, and enhance customer loyalty; at the same time, assist the development of the cultural and 
creative industry through financial products or services, and add the beauty of art to collaborative relationships.
Amount Unit: ten thousand
Canceled due to the pandemic
68,869
42,837
44,652
1,800 participants
(90,000 participants/
6 sessions)
9,000 participants
/9 sessions
(18,173 participants
/1 session)
(91,101 participants/
4 sessions)
2,500 participants
/3 sessions
(84,842 participants
/4 sessions)
9,100 participants/
7
9,000 participants
/9 sessions
(21,756 participants
/2 sessions)
4,364 borrowers
245 borrowers
4,335 borrowers
231 borrowers
3,464 borrowers
140 borrowers
Since the launch of the trust service for film grants in 2004, we have cooperated with the Ministry of Culture for a long 
time. From 2020 to 2022, we accepted 87 cases, with a total amount of NT$896 millions. We also assisted in the develop-
ment of the domestic cultural and creative industries by proactively processing loans for the said industries. The total 
credit balance of the loans in 2022 reached NT$27.197 billion. Moreover, we launched various loan programs for the 
cultural and creative industries, including "Credit Loan for Cultural and Creative Industry Upgrades" and "Loans for Young 
Entrepreneurs and Start-ups in the Cultural and Creative Industries”. We continue to hold physical and online concerts 
and local creative arts exhibitions, which directs resources to cultural and art activities and cultural creative industries, 
and promotes cultural development.
• It is difficult for athletes to find jobs and we provide them with stable job opportunities for them to receive training 
without worry and make full use of their potential.
• Athletes often suffer from insufficient funding and lack experience in international and large-scale sporting competi-
tions. These deficiencies have affected their performance in the international sports world.
Physical strength is national strength. We help promote the development of sports in Taiwan and enhance the Taiwanese 
people and employees' willingness to participate in sports, thereby making the development of sports more vigorous in 
Taiwan and cultivating outstanding athletes with potential. These measures help to inject youth and vitality into the 
enterprise.
We have been sponsoring and organizing all kinds of sports activities for more than 20 years. By training potential young 
table tennis players, we have cultivated a number of national players, laying a solid foundation for Taiwan's table tennis 
development. Internally, we have created a sporting culture among employees. Externally, we have successfully 
enhanced the young, energetic brand image of the Group.
Number of borrowers of loans to cultural and
creative industry
Number of borrowers of loans to cultural and
creative industry that specialize in film and television
Solution
2022
2021
2020
Proceeds from loans for the cultural and creative
industry
Total number of participants and income in National 
Taiwan University Hospital and large-scale concerts
 (Total online views and sessions)
Total number of participants and sessions of art and 
cultural exhibitions (total online views and sessions)
Amount Unit: ten thousand
Sports Competition
Social/environmental
benefits
Commercial
benefits
Social/environmental
benefits
Commercial
benefits
Resolved
social and
environmental
issues
Driving
force
Impact
Resolved
social and
environmental
issues
Driving
force
Impact
Artistic Cultural Creation

136
Solution
2022
2021
2020
265,397 Cards/
6,198
213,932 Cards/
4,628
153,367 Cards/
3,192
800 cards/
156,000
-
-
777 beneficiaries
157 beneficiaries
38 beneficiaries
2,900 trees/
29 MT CO2e
10 trees/
0.1 MT CO2e
130 trees/
1.3 MT CO2e
66,500 MT CO2e
56,500 MT CO2e
56,000 MT CO2e
7,085 sets/
620,000 kWh/
248/303
MT CO2e
2,599 sets /
218,000 kWh /
87.2/110.7
MT CO2e
1,216 sets /
103,000 kWh /
41/52.27
MT CO2e
38,133
217,506
35,500
1,167,994
4,573
1,443
21,009
131,516
14,000
207,862
2,068
829
16,691
111,348
11,000
109,793
1,356
995
Related proceeds from urban renewal financing projects
Green loan proceeds
Investment proceeds in green bonds
"Six Core Strategic Industry" loan income＊1
Profits from Renewable Energy Creation Loans＊2
Proceeds from investing in solar power plants
Number of beneficiaries of environmental education
Number of trees planted and annual carbon absorption
volume
Carbon emissions reduction in investments in solar
power plants
3,858,017
847.9 ＭT CO2e
2,445,940
946.1 ＭT CO2e
1,838,574
997.7 ＭT CO2e
Landowners' proceeds from urban renewal financing
projects
Carbon emissions reduction in urban renewal
financing projects
Green volunteer participation and number of
beneficiaries
Volunteer service satisfaction rate (%)
Purchase amount of organic vegetables and fruits
The number of Green Public Welfare Credit Cards (Leezen 
Card, Yilan Card, Living Green Card , and Taoyuan Card 
Note) in circulation and their proceeds 
Tree planting marketing activity adds Living Green Card 
number and foreign exchange deposits (USD)
Number of LED lighting equipment installed in the Green 
Light Program and the reductions in electricity consump-
tion, electric bill, and carbon emissions each year
Rebates from Green Public Welfare Credit Cards (Leezen 
Card, Yilan Card, Living Green Card, and Taoyuan Card )
We combine core competencies to facilitate industrial transformation, and develop and provide ESG products and 
services. We hosted energy-conservation symposiums, Supplier Conference, Corporate Gold Workshop, urban renewal 
information sessions, and environmental education to communicate the Group's green finance products, policies, and 
ideas with customers, suppliers, and various stakeholders. The financing balance of ESG-related corporate loans amount-
ed to NT$68.7179 billion in 2022, accounting for 62% of the overall financing balance of corporate loans. Furthermore, 
working with the Group’s subsidiaries, First Bank donated 2‰ of the Living Green Card transaction amount and cooperat-
ed with suppliers and customers in assisting 25 remote elementary schools in the installation of 7,085 sets of LED lamps. 
In 2022, we conducted a foreign exchange CD marketing activity in which we joined forces with the Tse-Xin Organic 
Agriculture Foundation (TOAF) and the Dongshi Forest District Office of the Forestry Bureau to plant 2,900 trees, which let 
people take action to protect beautiful Taiwan. Our One-stop Service for Urban Renewal financial service helps residents 
to reshape their homes and increase their house value, while also creating more green buildings in response to the 
government's promotion of environmentally-friendly and low-carbon cities.
Promote the company's service capabilities in green finance, provide knowledge, products and services of green 
finance, and work with customers, suppliers and the general public to practice environmental sustainability and create 
a green living model.
• Insufficient crop yields, farmers apply chemical fertilizers and pesticides to increase yields, and must encourage 
organic agriculture to slow down the catastrophic damage to the land.
• The reserves of natural resources such as crude oil and natural gas are limited, and they are bound to face the 
problems of energy depletion and insufficient sustainable energy.
Amount Unit: ten thousand
2,101
1,787
1,478
918 beneficiaries
/3,825 beneficiaries
1,221 beneficiaries
/3,447 beneficiaries
90.06
33
89.53
36
1,228 beneficiaries
/1,718 beneficiaries
92.28
26
＊1：Starting in 2022, we have changed our existing "5 Plus 2 Industry" (intelligent machinery, Asian Silicon Valley, green energy technology, biomedical 
industry, defense industry, new agriculture, and circular economy) loan program to the "Six Core Strategic Industry" (including information and digital 
technology, excellent information security, Taiwan precision health, green power and renewable energy, defense and strategic industries, and 
consumer products and defense readiness) loan program.
＊2：Our existing "Renewable Energy Creation Loans" were renamed "Renewable Energy Sustainability Loans" in 2022.
Commercial benefits
Social/environmental benefits
Resolved
social and
environmental
issues
Driving
force
Impact
Green Care

137
2-2 Benefit evaluation
In order to effectively measure the input resources and output benefits, FFHC adopts the community investment management 
model of London Benchmarking Group (LBG), and uses quantitative data to evaluate the input resources, benefits, results and 
long-term impact of each project on society. We invested a total of NT$96.38 million in the four major charitable strategies in 
2022. We also used the LBG model to evaluate the proportion of investments in the past four years.  
2-3 Volunteer Service
First Financial Holdings has established a volunteer 
service 
team 
since 
2011, 
including 
"Green 
volunteers" who promote sustainable environment 
and "Loving Volunteers" who care for the disadvan-
taged. In 2022, a total of 151 charity activities were 
held, including 50 loving volunteer activities, 46 
green 
volunteer 
activities, 
and 
55 
financial 
knowledge promotion activities on campus and in 
the community. Between 2011 and 2022, volunteers 
participated in events for a total of 25,559 times, 
benefiting over 218,022 people and clocking in a 
total of 104,027 hours of service. To learn about the 
participants' satisfaction rate of volunteer activities, 
we also distributed 7,887 surveys and recovered 
99.14% of the surveys. 90.06% of the participants have 
expressed their satisfaction with the events.
61,252 hours
11,749 hours
11,723 hours
8,059 hours
6,045 hours
5,199 hours
2011~2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
●○ Service Hours Rendered by the Green Volunteers and the
            Loving Volunteers in Recent Years
Hours
Year
14,909 persons
2,888 persons
2,872 persons
2,019 persons
1,559 persons
1,312 persons
Participants
43,538 persons
15,446 persons
19,027 persons
13,591 persons
17,150 persons
109,270 persons
Beneficiaries
Cumulative total 104,027 hours
 25,559 persons 218,022 persons
●○ Type of resources committed
Cash
donation
Supplies
donation
Volunteer
manpower
Management
cost
2019
2020
2021
2022
●○ Event type
Charitable
events
Investment in
community
Commercial
initiatives
9.83%
42.96%
47.21%
12.15%
43.68%
44.17%
19.92%
29.24%
50.84%
84.31%
3.65%
3.43%
79.76%
9.77%
2.72%
7.75%
77.34%
14.92%
1.98%
5.76%
2019
910
3,977
2020
970
2021
1,678
2,463
2022
Unit: ten thousand NTD
4,371
3,488
3,527
4,282
9,258
7,985
8,423
13.06%
34.50%
52.44%
1,258
3,326
5,054
9,638
7,805
337.8
318.5
796.7
6,369
6,514
780
217
619
1,257
167
485
9,258
7,985
8,423
79.37%
13.04%
1.55%
6.04%
7,650
1,257
149
582
9,638
8.61%

138
• Andrew Food Bank (3 events)
• Jen Ji Shiang Social Service Institute
   (2 events)
• Masai Elementary School, Yilan County
• Tzih Huai Welfare Foundation
• Bethany Children’s Home
• Foundation for Children with
   Developmental Delay
• Taipei Yi Kuang Orphanage
• Chung Yi Children’s Home of Chung
   Yi Social Welfare Foundation
• Eden Social Welfare Foundation-
   Eden Yuanhsiufeng Home
• ROC Sharing Love Emergency
   Assistance Association
• St. Anne's Home for Seriously
   Retarded Children, Catholic Father
   Bai Yongen Social Welfare Foundation
• Harmony Home Foundation Taiwan-
   Harmony House Wenshan Shelter
• Huashan Social Welfare Foundation -
   Nangang Angel Service Station
• Make-A-Wish Foundation, Taiwan
• Happy Mount Colony, New Taipei
   City Happy Mount Home
• Hualien County Spinal Cord Injury
   Welfare Association
• Catholic Kuang Jen Social Welfare
   Foundation - New Taipei City private that
   the new Child Development Center
• "Get Out and Give" Blood Drive
• Retirement financial planning
   seminar (6 events)
• Xinyi District Integrated Community Care
   Center
• Investment and Wealth Management
   Academy for Children (3 sessions)
• Bankers on Campus (2 sessions)
Loving Volunteers: 33 events
Financial education activities in
schools: 22 events 
Green Volunteers: 26 events
• Linkou Journey to the West
   Organic Farm events (17 events)
• Tse-Xin Organic Agriculture
   Foundation
• Beach cleanup at Waziwei, Bali
• Chutzu Lake, Yangmingshan 
   (2 sessions)
• Taiwan International Gamers Con
• Helping small farmers at Jinshan to
   harvest 1,000 kg of sweet potatoes
• Rongxing Garden Park Wetlands
• Urban Renewal Green Building
   Awareness Expo (2 sessions)
Northern Region
Loving Volunteers   50   events
(Including Phnom Penh 2 events) 
Green Volunteers   46   events 
Total    151   charity events in 2022 
Financial education activities in schools   55   events
(Including 1 event in Kinmen, 1 event in Mazu and 1 event in Penghu) 
• Taiwan Fund for Children and
   Families-Taoyuan Center
• SOS Children's Villages Taiwan
• Bright Feather Laundry Career
   Center, ROC Disabled Welfare
   Skills Association
• Hsinchu County Disabled Persons
   Assistance Association
• Taoyuan City Pingzhen Juvenile Center
• Association for Parents with
   Intellectually Disabled Children,
   Taoyuan City
• The Garden of Hope Foundation-
   Linkou Service Center
• Private Catholic
   Hua-kuang Intelligent
   Development Center
• Taoyuan Kind
   Garden
Loving Volunteers: 9 events
Financial education activities in
schools: 5 events 
Green Volunteers: 1 event
15
Events in
2022
Taoyuan-Hsinchu-
Miaoli Region
• Nanliao Stairway Coastline,
   Hsinchu City
• Chiayi County Zhongpu
   Private Institutional Care
   Center
Loving Volunteers: 1 event
Financial education activities in
schools: 6 events 
Green Volunteers: 6 events
• Tenha Organic Farm, Tainan
   (5 events)
• Yiren Elementary School,
   Qiding Township, Chiayi County
Yunlin-Chiayi-Tainan
Region
13
Events in
2022
80
Events in
2022
• Taichung Wang You Tsao
   Association
• Cisheng Home for the
   Elderly Foundation,
   Changhua County
• Changhua Branch Office,
   Taiwan Fund for Children and
   Families
Loving Volunteers: 3 events
Financial education activities in
schools: 12 events 
Green Volunteers: 7 events
• LadyBird Organic Farm events
    (5 events)
• Dongshi Forest District Office
• Western Beach, Changhua
22
Events in
2022
• Pingtung County Heart’s Ease
   Care Association
• Yang Ai Welfare Foundation,
   Catholic Social Welfare Foundation
Loving Volunteers: 2 events
Financial education activities in
schools: 7 events 
Green Volunteers: 6 events
• Kaohsiung An Hsin Home
   Organic Education Farm (5 sessions)
• Qijin beach, Qijin District, Kaohsiung
Kaohsiung-Pingtung
Region
15
Events in
2022
Taichung-Changhua-
Nantou Region

139
Promotion Projects for Financial Education 
FFHC takes practical action to support disadvantaged groups by proactively leveraging its core competencies to help 
disadvantaged people learn about financial knowledge and safeguard their rights and interests. Our employees form 
volunteer service teams every year to share financial or wealth management concepts with rural communities, schools, and 
social welfare groups in hopes of continuously expanding the universalization of financial knowledge and creating opportuni-
ties for children to learn financial knowledge. FFHC incorporates the product concepts of retirement trusts and disability trusts 
for customers with physical or mental disabilities into volunteer services, thereby ensuring the financial security of the elderly 
and families of people with physical or mental disabilities.
Helping villages with no doctors to address the shortage of medi-
cal resources in mountains and remote areas
In order to ease the problem of insufficient medical resources in mountain and 
isolated areas, the First Bank Cultural and Education Foundation assisted the Jinshan 
branch of NTU Hospital to establish a relay ward in 2022. This will enable the branch 
to seize the "golden hour" in emergency first aid, and provide the most timely care 
and treatment to patients. It is expected that at least 100 patients will receive this 
care each year; We also helped the Hualien County Dental Association to improve 
the equipment at the "Ruisui Dental Care Station." We look forward to the improve-
ment and expansion of medical station equipment improving healthcare safety and 
providing high-quality medical service to the residents of isolated areas.
●○ Provide financial education to disadvantaged groups and in remote areas
2022
Services
2020
2021
●○ Online financial education
2022
Services
2020
2021
Financial 
education and 
promotion in rural 
areas, schools, 
and communities
Volunteer services 
incorporated with 
the promotion of 
retirement trusts 
and disability 
trusts for 
customers with 
physical or 
mental disabili-
ties
Session: 53
Number of
Participants: 5,363
Session: 50
Number of
Participants: 3,586
Session: 55
Number of
Participants: 4,965
Investment 
checkup seminar 
in rural communi-
ties
Session: 6
Number of
Participants: 365
Session: 5
Number of
Participants: 89
Session: 5
Number of
Participants: 111
Gender equality 
education and 
anti-drug advocacy
Session: 15
Number of
Participants: 1,490
Session: 32
Number of
Participants: 2,591
Session: 45
Number of
Participants: 5,113
Online wealth 
management 
workshop
Session: 69
Number of
Participants: 3,697
Session: 86
Number of
Participants: 1,893
Session: 37
Number of
Participants: 1,124
• Volunteers went to Wufeng 
aboriginal village, Hsinchu County. 
In addition to donating daily 
necessities to solitary elderly 
people and disadvantaged 
residents, they also promoted 
retirement trusts and provided 
villagers with planning for 
retirement and disability care to 
prevent elder fraud. Beneficiary: 150
• Xingfu Shelter, Taipei Autism 
Children Social Welfare Foundation. 
Beneficiary: 35
Arranging retirement trust 
courses at the Nanjichang 
Happiness and Liveliness 
Center, Pingtung City Angel 
Service Station, and Miaoli 
County’s Holy Family for 
Special Education to 
provide more comprehen-
sive protection for vulnera-
ble residents.
Session: 3 sessions
Beneficiary: 290
We have sent personnel to the 
Taichung Wang You Tsao Associa-
tion and Hsinchu County Disabled 
Persons Assistance Association to 
teach about disabilities care trusts, 
which provide all-round safeguards 
to disadvantaged residents.
Session: 2 sessions
Beneficiary: 330
"Investment 
Primary School - 
Wealth Manage-
ment Number 
One"
Session: 1
(Taipei Family Helper Center)
Beneficiary: 24 children
Online: 1
(Taipei Autism Children Social 
Welfare Foundation)
Number of Participants: 35 
students
Online: 3
(Taipei Autism Children Social Welfare 
Foundation)
Number of Participants: 54 children

140
• First Bank Culture & Education Foundation donated 1‰ of payments made with the First Bank 
World Card to the "School Education Savings Account" platform of the Ministry of Education. The 
platform sponsors education, school lunches, and after-school classes for disadvantaged 
schoolchildren in remote areas to help their schooling. We helped 1,027 economically disadvan-
taged schoolchildren and those suffering from drastic changes in their families in their education, 
with an amount donated totaling NT$1,130,000.
• We donated NT$2.5 million to the Financial Service Industry Education Foundation We supported 
1,507 students from poor and disadvantaged families. We have donated NT$20 million over 8 
years and assisted 12,972 students from needy families.
• We worked with the Charity Trust Planet Education Foundation to continue to implement the 
"Care for Disadvantaged Schoolchildren Project". We have assisted a total of 367 disadvan-
taged schoolchildren in Ankeng, Zhongzheng, and Erchong Elementary Schools for 12 consecu-
tive years and provided education assistance programs to 4,046 students for 12 years.
• Collaborated with the Foundation of Helping Underprivileged Students of Taipei City and the Jen 
Ji Shiang Social Service Institute of Taipei City to promote micro-insurance and assist the 
disadvantaged in building insurance protections. A total of 396 schoolchildren benefited in 2022.
• We sponsored the breakfast program of "Tannan Elementary School" in remote areas of Nantou 
County and provided breakfast to 103 disadvantaged schoolchildren for the entire year.
• Provided fellowships to 20 outstanding disadvantaged students at National Ilan University, 
National Dong Hua University, Pingtung university, National Chi-Nan University, and National 
Taitung University, easing their financial burdens and helping them to study with confidence.
• When customers apply for a First Bank iLEO digital account for the first time, First Bank will 
donate NT$100 to "House of Dreams," " Liming Nursing Institution" or “Spinal Cord Injury 
Foundation," and made a total of NT$465,500 in such donations during 2022.
• Sponsored acquisition of relay ward equipment by the Jinshan branch of NTU Hospital (central physiological monitoring 
system and adult intensive care ventilator), enabling medical personnel to seize the "golden hour" in first aid, and provide 
timely care and treatment.
• Sponsored improvement of equipment at the "Ruisui Dental Care Station" by the Hualien County Dental Association in order 
to provide residents even better service.
• Fulfilled our corporate social responsibilities by donating NT$4 million to Ukraine to help people affected by the war 
overcome their hardships.
• We partnered with Taipei Medical University Hospital to launch the "First Life Insurance Donation Project." With each policy of 
"Loan Derivative Insurance Products (Mortgage Life Insurance)" or "Long-Term Care Coverage" sold, we donated NT$100 to 
Xinyi District's integrated community care center under the Stone Soup Project. Total donations amounted to NT$435,000 in 2022.
• Sponsored the Puren Youth Care Foundation's and SunnyHills' "Mid-Autumn Festival Charity Project" by purchasing 300 boxes 
of pineapple cakes and donating them to schools with table tennis teams that have received long-term support from First 
Bank and the First Bank Cultural and Education Foundation, as well as to 
adopted elementary school and special-talent athletes. This action 
applied a multiplier effect to the public benefit, and enhanced the Bank's 
image of enthusiastic participation in public interest activities.
• In response to the Ministry of Economic Affairs' Buying Power Social 
Innovative Products and Services Procurement Incentive Mechanism, 
purchased about NT$2.82 million of social innovative organizations’ 
products via the Social Impact platform’s “Social Innovation Database” of 
the Small and Medium Enterprise Administration, MOEA.
• Held 7 life education talks and invited people with disabilities and disadvantaged children to share tips on how to go 
through life with an optimistic attitude, benefiting a total of 2,366 schoolchildren. (First Cultural Education Train)
• Promotion of gender equality concepts through financial education awareness activities. A total of 41 sessions were held, 
benefiting approximately 3,008 people.
Social Care
Disadvantaged Assistance
Charitable donation
Health and gender

141
• Supported local fruit growers in Taiwan by purchasing 4,800 boxes of atemoyas, 1,200 boxes of pineapples, and 2,800 
boxes of pomelos, which were shared with social welfare organizations and schools in remote areas that have received 
long-term support from the Bank, as well as with employees. This action had a multiplier effect on public benefit, and helped 
maintain a balance in the supply and demand of local agricultural products.
• To ensure that front-line medical staff have adequate protective equipment during the Covid pandemic, donated 2,500 sets 
of protective clothing and 9,500 isolation gowns to 10 medical institutions, which included NTU Cancer Center, Zhongli 
Evergreen General Hospital, Yuan's General Hospital, Nan Men General Hospital, Kaohsiung Medical University Chung-Ho 
Memorial Hospital, Taipei Medical University, Zuoying branch of the Kaohsiung Armed Forces General Hospital, Saint Mary's 
Hospital Luodong, Jinshan branch of NTU Hospital, and Hualien Mennonite Christian Hospital. The Bank is protecting the 
safety of medical personnel through practical actions.
• Donated 2 self-help payment machines to the NTU Cancer Center, which reduced frequency of personal contact and 
enhanced healthcare convenience by optimizing the care payment process.
Donations to fight COVID-19
Provided performance platforms to disadvantaged groups, and invited Life Warriors to record 
videos approximately 15-20 minutes in length; the content of these videos included singing, dance, 
and stories shared with the public. These videos, which have been viewed approximately 90,000 
times, have conveyed a "never give up" spirit and positive energy to society.
Lighting up Life Stage for Dream Coming 
• Held 103 charitable volunteer activities, which included accompanying seniors living alone and members underprivileged 
groups and providing financial education, etc.
• The Phnom Penh Branch and its customers visited Trapheang Priek Township, Prey Chhor District, Kampong Cham Province 
and Kirimeanun Elementary School, Angkor Thom District. These two overseas volunteer activities benefited about 985 
people. Since 2016, a total of 9,020 overseas disadvantaged people have benefited from the Bank's efforts.
• We worked with Mennonite Christian Hospital and Taipei Medical University Hospital Feng Hsing Medical Youth Service 
Group for the 7th straight year to provide care for residents in isolated areas in Hualien and Penghu, and sponsored 20 free 
clinics and 4 liver disease patient gatherings at Mennonite Christian Hospital.
Volunteering and care

• Volunteers held an environmental education awareness session at Yiren Elementary School in Zhuqi Township, Chiayi County, 
and donated practical stationary sets to schoolchildren; this activity benefited approximately 50 kids, and realized the spirit 
of concern at the local level.
• Sponsored holding of the "Campus Environment Educational Lectures – The Beauty of National Parks in Taiwan" by the 
Taiwan Indigo Dye Association. These talks helped schoolchildren connect with, learn about, and further take action to 
protect nature from an early age, and benefited about 3,122 schoolchildren; furthermore, together with the Taiwan Indigo 
Dye Association, we invited disadvantaged children from Zhongzheng Elementary School in New Taipei's Xindian District and 
Erchong Elementary School in the Sanchong District on an ecological knowledge learning visit to Chutzu Lake, Yangming-
shan, so that the importance of cherishing the natural environment could be cultivated among children from an early age. A 
total of 47 kids benefited.
Green Care
Environmental Education Promotion
Held the fifth Love FUN First Green Living Carnival in Da-an Forest Park, 
which featured our environmental protection challenge activities, recycling 
DIY, and digital finance experience booths. A Green Farmer's Market 
promoted farming knowledge in conjunction with the Buy Directly from 
Farmers, which is a social organization dedicated to protecting the land. 
Over 1,000 members of the public took part in this fun event; To protect the 
environment, we invited the public to donate their discarded batteries and 
CDs in exchange for gifts, and collected a total of close to 600 unwanted 
CDs and close to 1,400 discarded batteries. 
Love FUN First Green Living Carnival
142
• We organized 46 Green Volunteer events to support organic farms, protect the coastline, plant 
trees for carbon reduction, adopt contract growers, and assist wetlands conservation. We 
contributed a total of NT$2,140,000 and harvested and purchased 2,340kg of organic fruits and 
vegetables. We also adopted contract growers growing nearly 1,000kg of "Tainung No. 66" 
organic red sweet potatoes.
• Responding to Tree Planting Day, we planted approximately 2,900 tree seedlings on the Xishi 
Seawall in Dajia, Taichung, along the Daxueshan Mountain Trail, at Tse-Xin Organic Farm in 
Gukeng, Yunlin County, in the coastal forest at Chaojing Park, Keelung, and at Zhuangwei in 
Yilan, which offset carbon emissions by 29 tons CO2e.
• Held a conservation activity at the Rongxing Garden Park Wetlands, in which volunteers 
entered the ponds to remove invasive water lettuce and fallen leaves and branches. This 
one-day environmental volunteer activity helped restore the ecological balance and maintain a 
green environment.
• We hosted 4 "I Love Beautiful Oceans" beach cleanup sessions, in which 177 volunteers picked 
up a total of 548kg of fishery waste, general waste, and driftwood.
Green Volunteers

143
Used 2‰ donations from transactions using the First Bank Living Green Card to work with suppliers and customers in assisting 
25 elementary schools in remote areas of Hsinchu County, Nantou County, Yunlin County, Chiayi County, Pingtung County, 
Hualien County, and Taitung County to install 7,085 sets of LED lighting equipment, which are estimated to reduce electricity use 
by about 620,000 kWh, cut electricity costs by approximately NT$2,480,000, and reduce emissions by 303 metric tons CO2e 
each year.
Green Cooperation

144
We established a men's table tennis team in 2011 
and the team won a total of 16 gold, 15 silver, and 
24 bronze medals in 2022. We also continued to 
sponsor training fees for eight schools, including Shiu 
De Elementary School in New Taipei City, which 
benefited 354 players.
Sports Competition
Table tennis training
We participated in the Ministry of Finance's 2022 "Unified Invoice Cup and New Citizen Judge System Road Race," which 
began at Siraya Square and the plaza on the west side of the Tainan government building, and attracted approximately 
17,000 participants.
Unified Invoice Cup for Road Running
Since 2019, we have been providing monthly food allowances 
to promising disadvantaged students and disabled athletes, 
which is helping them realize their potential as future stars and 
bring glory to Taiwan on the international stage. A total of 7 
athletes received the allowances in 2022.
Sport support
In order to project a younger corporate image and 
extend our reach to younger generations on 
campus, we sponsored the 5th “League of Legends 
School Championship” of Taiwan eSports League 
Co. Ltd. In 2022, a total of 119 events were 
completed, accumulating a total of more than 2.5 
million viewers.
League of Legends School Championship

145
Artistic Cultural
In response to the effort by the Ministry of Culture and 
Taiwan Creative Content Agency to promote cultural 
creativity industries, to fulfill our ESG commitment, 
highlight our positive brand image of concern for 
concern, and to share wonderful dance, art, and movies 
with our customers, we held a "VIP Night" featuring 
exclusive film showings. Approximately 150 important 
customers were invited to this banquet of art and culture.
Charity movie screenings to support the cinema of Taiwan
We held a concert at Kaohsiung's E-DA - Royal Theatre. This event featured the singers Henry 
Hsu, Huang Fei, and Suming Rupi, who sang to the music played by the Evergreen Symphony 
Orchestra. This was the first time that male and female singers were invited to sing together, 
and the concert featured visual images on a large LED screen above a stage custom-made for 
each song; the event was held in conjunction with a sand painting performance; furthermore, 
we also invited the professional emcee Jia Pei-De (has served as emcee at the Golden Horse 
Awards, Golden Melody Awards, and Golden Bell Awards) instead of a traditional master of 
ceremonies. By linking the music with the audience's vision and hearing, the concert gave 
customers brand new sensory experience; approximately 1,800 persons attended the concert.
The first and second floors of the FFHC headquarters building was 
transformed into an art space in 2011, and local artists are 
allowed to exhibit their art for free in this space. A total of 126 art 
and cultural exhibitions have been held as of the end of 2022 and 
attracted over 126,000 visitors. However, due to the impact of the 
COVID-19 pandemic, we organized another session of "The Artistic 
World – Online Art and Cultural Event," which introduced artists’ 
creative backgrounds and works. This event allowed audiences to 
appreciate and experience art close-up over the Internet. 
Supporting local art and cultural traditions
To teach youths to say no to drugs, we held the “Red 
Strawberries Say No to Drugs” campus tour events at four 
schools in the Tainan area with our customer, Grace Hsiao 
Dance Troupe, to teach youths to say no to drugs, and this 
activity benefited approximately 2,105 students.
Promotion of anti-drug
• We held the "Environmental Sustainability Creative Poster Design Competition" jointly with 
Shih Chien University. This activity attracted 310 participating students, who used posters 
to visually convey university students' insights and visions concerning climate change and 
future environmental and sustainability trends, and to arouse the younger generation's 
interdisciplinary innovative sustainability practice and concern.
• We held a musical creativity cooperation in collaboration with Tamkang University, and 
established the "First Bank Crowd-pleaser Prize." This activity strengthened young 
students' impression of First Bank's brand, and attracted 96 participating teams.
Campus Penetration New Generation Communication
Concert Banquet
We joined forces with the well-known street graffiti artists DEBE and SEAZK to give the outer wall of our 
more than a half century old Ximen branch a new look. The graffiti art projects the brand image of "Close 
to Your Home," and is the first time that a government-owned bank has sponsored public outdoor graffiti 
art. This is also the first time that a bank in Taiwan has cooperated with graffiti artists in a major project, 
which has become one of the must visit attractions in the Ximen shopping district for Internet personalities.
Branches with Art Painting

146
3-1 Policy and Commitment to Human Rights
First Financial Holding is committed to abide by the International Bill of Human Rights and other conventions such as the 
"United Nations Universal Declaration of Human Rights", "United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights", 
"The Ten Principles of the United Nations Global Compact","International Labour Organization Core Labour Standards","ISO 
26000 Guidance on Social Responsibility","Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women", "The 
International Covenant on Economic, and the "Modern Slavery Act", and has included them into the Human Rights Policy of the 
Group.
At all group subsidiaries, there is no discrimination employees during recruitment, selection,hiring, assignment, career develop-
ment, remuneration and benefits, promotions, education & training, and retirement plans on the basis of race, class, language, 
thought, religious,political affiliation, ancestry, place of birth, gender, sexual preference, age, marital status, appearance, 
facial features, physical and mental handicap, or union membership. Article 18 of the Guidance on Sustainable Development 
for FFHC stipulates that subsidiary companies shall abide by the internationally recognized human rights of labor, including 
the freedom of association,the right of collective bargaining, caring for vulnerable groups, prohibiting the use of child labor, 
eliminating all forms of forced labor, eliminating recruitment and employment discrimination to create an equal opportunity 
workplace. There were no human rights violations, infringement of indigenous rights, or incidents of discrimination. The hiring 
of those under the age of 16 as regular or atypical employees (including temporary workers and security staff) is explicitly 
banned in our HR regulations. We also adhere to the Labor Standards Act to prevent forced labor through violence, threats, 
imprisonment or other illegal methods.
3-2 Due Diligence and Risk Management of Human Rights
The Company's Sustainable Development committee reviews relevant humanrights issues each quarter and uses actual investi-
gations, data monitoring, and questionnaire surveys to evaluates potential human rights risks and establish a risk matrix for 
human rights issues.
Protections for Human Rights and Gender Equality
GRI 2-30、202-1、202-2、402-1、405-1、405-2、406-1、407-1、410-1
Evaluate hazards and 
impact
Review and evaluate the 
impact of the business 
activities and internal 
management of each 
company on human 
rights protection
Formulate correspond-
ing plans
Discuss and formulate 
human rights protection 
and management plans 
in the Employer-Employ-
ee Meeting and ESG 
Committee
02
Supervise and 
implement plans
Implement and execute 
human rights protection 
management plans and 
track and review 
improvements
03
Performance assess-
ment and improvement
Analyze, review, and 
adjust related human 
rights protection 
measures and improve 
the human rights due 
diligence mechanisms
04
Human rights due diligence procedures
01

Risk Matrix for Human Rights Issues
Low
• Labor disputes
• Gender
   equality
• Sexual
   harassmen
• Workplace
    violence
• Freedom of
   association
High
High
• Persons with
   disabilities
• Employment
   discrimination
• Equal rights to
   work
• Friendly working
   environment
• Indigenous
   peoples
• Use of child
   labor
• Abnormal work load
• Night shifts
• Maternity protection
• Illegal
   infringement
• Workplace
   violence
• Privacy
In 2022, preventative and mitigation measures were implemented for human rights issues, such as "abnormal work load", " 
Maternity protection ", and "Night shifts", which were identified to have a medium occurrence rate or operational impact.For 
example, we executed an “Abnormal Workload-Triggered Diseases Prevention Plan” and established procedures for daily 
overtime work applications and management reminders in the system to reasonably adjust for work and labor allocation. 
High-risk employees who “work in shifts, at nighttime, and long hours” are evaluated for risks and given appropriate health 
management measures to prevent cardiovascular diseases caused by overwork.；Additionally, measures such as the "Mater-
nal Employee Health Protection Program", risk assessment, hazard controls, risk communication, and work adjustments were 
implemented. A stationed doctor and dedicated nurse also called pregnant employees to show concern and offer guidance 
in terms of health education.
●○ Human Rights Risk Assessment and Management
Overall
Risks
(%)
6.97
Human
Rights Risk
Factor
0
0
Assessment Results：
• The Company did not hire child labor less than 16 years old and no employment or gender discrimination occurred.
• No related cases of unlawful infringement.
• All companies appoint the full number of employees with disabilities based on 
legal requirements.
• Create a friendly accessible workplace environment for people with disabili-
ties.
• Recruitment phase: Applicants are required to specify the correct date of birth 
in the CV and affix their signatures to guarantee the accuracy of the data.
• Reporting for duties phase: Employees are required to provide their identity 
documents on the day they report for duties to ensure that the Company does 
not hire child labor.
• Prevention of Illegal Infringement at Work Plan.
• Set up a friendly environment for employees with disabilities.
Preventive and Mitigation Measures
Diversity, 
inclusiveness, 
and equal 
opportunity
e.g., ban on the 
use of child 
labor, ban on 
employment 
discrimination, 
equal work 
rights, gender 
friendliness)
0.14
6.97
0.03
1.40
• Automatic inspections and maintenance of the work environment and 
occupational safety and health.
• Provide diverse and confidential complaint channels
• Rigorously comply with labor regulations and specify regulations in the Work 
Rules and related regulations.
• Convene regular Employer-Employee Meetings and the meetings of the 
Occupational Safety and Health Committee to promote benefits, improve the 
work environment, and facilitate cooperation and communication between 
labor and management.
• Increase the workplace safety awareness from time to time.
• Publish posters for complaint channels in public areas.
• Provide a diverse range of activities and implement work and life balance.
Assessment Results：
• No relevant cases of sanctions due to labor-management disputes and complaints.
Good labor 
relations
(e.g., workplace 
safety, freedom 
of association, 
labor disputes, 
and complaints 
mechanisms)
0.14
147
Medium
Medium
Probability
Impact on company operations
Risk 
identifi-
cation
(%)
Proba-
bility of 
Impact
(%)
Total 
Impact
(%)

148
6.97
0.1
3.56
Freedom from 
compulsory 
labor
(e.g., abnormal 
work load or 
night shifts)
0.14
Assessment Results：
• We identified 13 high-risk employees in the "Abnormal Workload-Triggered Diseases Prevention Plan" and assigned 
physicians to organize interviews, provide health advice, and continue to provide follow-up care for improvements.
• Statistics of human-factor hazards show that there are 128 colleagues with suspected harm. An on-site doctor was 
requested to understand the symptoms and reasons for occurrence in individual cases to provide appropriate recommen-
dations for improvement. In total, 121 colleagues received improvement, 1 refused concern, 2 went on parental leave, 1 
voluntarily retired, and the conditions of 3 remaining colleagues are being tracked to grasp the effects of improvement.
• A total of 5 colleagues applied for flexible work hours based on their need to care for their children or families.(If the 
employees of the First Bank are raising children under the age of 3, they may request to adjust their working hours or 
reduce their working hours by one hour per day. Employees with severe physical and mental disabilities of First Investment 
Trust have agreed to work 6 hours a day and be paid at the rate of 6 hours when they are hired. Considering the physical 
load of employees who return to work after being sick, the working hours are adjusted from the original 8 hours to 7 hours 
and the salary and benefits remain unchanged as agreed by the employer and the employee.)
• Implement the "Maternal Employee Health Protection Plan"
• Implement risk assessment, hazard control, risk management, and work 
adjustments and assign in-house physicians and full-time nurses to provide 
care and health education over the telephone.
• Rigorously comply with labor regulations, gender equality in employment, and 
maternity protection regulations.
• Provide health education on precautions during pregnancy and after giving 
birth as well as remind pregnant employees of childbirth subsidies and related 
information.
• Provide flexible breastfeeding measures and set up breastfeeding rooms.
• Organize maternity health protection(including childcare) related seminars.
Assessment Results：
• Provide subsidies and concern measures for child birth and child care.
• Make appropriate adjustments to jobs.
• In 2022, the breastfeeding rooms of the headquarters building, Yanping building, information building, the Bade and 
Zhongshan buildings of the credit card division each obtained the Excellent Breastfeeding Room Certification, valid for 1 
year. A cumulative average of 573 colleagues use the facilities of these buildings each month.
• In 2022, a colleague was evaluated as a level 2 hazard during her pregnancy period. She was supported with a job 
adjustment evaluated to be normal and without harm after continuous tracking and concern. Another colleague was 
supported as a health protection case and allowed to rest for a month of tocolysis leave before returning and adapting 
normally to an adjusted job role.
• In 2022,we provided maternity health protection care services in 350 cases over the telephone.
• In 2022, a total of 3 seminars were organized for breastfeeding in the work place and childcare.
Maternity
health 
protection
6.97
0.01
2.01
0.14
●○ Human Rights Risk Assessment and Management
Overall
Risks
(%)
Human
Rights Risk
Factor
Risk 
identifi-
cation
(%)
Proba-
bility of 
Impact
(%)
Total 
Impact
(%)
• Implement the "Abnormal Workload-triggered Diseases Prevention Plan"
• Establish procedures for daily overtime work applications and management 
reminders in the system to provide care for employees and ensure reasonable 
adjustments of work and manpower allocation.
• Implement restrictions on total daily/monthly extended hours.
• The system produces a table on abnormal overtime work and implements 
improvements to reduce the risks of violation of regulations.
• Implement regular inspections on overtime work and enhance audits based on 
the overtime work conditions of each unit to help units manage overtime work.
• Issue official letters from time to time to remind units of key points in labor 
inspections.
• Implement flexible work hours in accordance with the Labor Standards Act to 
reduce the need for overtime work.
• Implement flexible work hour system (flexible commuting, work hours adjust-
ments, flexible leaves, and reduced work hours).
• High-risk employees who “work in shifts, at nighttime, and long hours” are 
evaluated for risks and provided with appropriate health management 
measures or promotional activities. Follow-ups are conducted on high risk 
employees to track their improvement status and prevent erebrovascular/car-
diovascular diseases caused by overwork.
• Implement the "Human-factor Hazard Prevention Plan".
• Regularly complete the Employee Musculoskeletal Symptom Self-Assessment 
and create a Follow-Up Overview Form. Prevent work-related musculoskeletal 
injuries and diseases caused by repetitive work or poor posture in work.
Preventive and Mitigation Measures

149
We adhere to and ensure that employees enjoy internationally accepted labor rights, and related information is openly 
available internally. All business sites follow local laws and regulations on human rights. There is to be no discrimination against 
employees on the basis of race, gender or other circumstances. All employees have the right to equal pay for equal work, 
freedom from sexual harassment, and protected employment for female employees during pregnancy. All Directors, Supervi-
sors, managerial officers, and employees of the Group must comply with the Code of Conduct and may not make sexual 
advances or commit actions that violate human rights such as implicit sexual suggestions, sexual discrimination, or violation of 
human dignity and personal freedom.Apart from regular training on sexual harassment prevention, new employee training also 
explains in full the human rights system on work rules, HR management rules, employee compensation and benefits. Union 
personnel are also invited to speak about employee rights relating to the Occupational Safety and Health Act. There were no 
human rights violations, infringement of indigenous rights, or incidents of discrimination in 2022. None of the subsidiaries were 
involved in mergers, acquisitions or major investment agreements.
In 2022, the total number of employees from domestic and overseas operating locations that attended human rights training 
programs was 20,026 employees who spent a total of 13,620 hours in training and achieving a 100% training rate. Our company 
policy on human rights has also been communicated to the security company to ensure that they understand and incorporate 
our human rights policy into their pre- and on-the-job training for security personnel. The proportion of security personnel who 
have completed training in 2022 is 100% and on average, we organize 12 training sessions every year each lasting 0.5 hours.
Year
2022
2021
2020
2019
6.97
0.14
6.79
0.17
6.93
0.10
6.63
0.17
●○ Human Rights Risk Assessment Ratio in Past Years
Risk value (%)
Impact value (%)
First Securities Investment Trust
First Bank
●○ Overview of the Group's Implementation of Flexible Work Hours
＊：The Company implemented 
adjustments based on the human rights 
due diligence procedures and adopts 
different human rights risk factors for 
human rights assessment and 
management. The calculation methods 
and data from past years are adjusted 
accordingly.
Year
2022
2021
2020
2019
13,620
20,026
100
15,195
18,958
100
15,276
19,473
100
25,617
20,253
100
●○ Human rights protection training in past years
Total hours
Total number of attendances (persons)
Employee training rate (%)
＊：Information on human rights protection training include physical and online courses. Due to the impact of the epidemic, the total training hours were 
lower than previous years.
6.97
0%
0%
Assessment Results：
• In 2022, there were no cases or complaints of sexual harassment and unlawful infringement.
＊1： Risk identification ratio = number of people in the risk identification/number of employees of the Group (10,095 persons)
＊2： Impact occurrence ratio = number of people affected by the impact/number of employees of the Group
Gender
equality
(e.g., workplace 
violence, illegal 
infringement, 
sexual 
harassment, and 
privacy)
0.14
Overall
Risks
(%)
Human
Rights Risk
Factor
Risk 
identifi-
cation
(%)
Proba-
bility of 
Impact
(%)
Total 
Impact
(%)
Current
Actions
Employees caring for children 
under the age of 3 may request 
to adjust work hours or decrease 
work time by one hour per day.
• Due to severe physical and mental disability, 1 employee was hired to work 6 
hours per day and received salary according to their number of hours worked.
• After considering the stamina of an employee recovering from disease, both 
parties including the employee and management agreed to adjust work hours 
from 8 to 7 hours without any changes to salary and benefits.
• Implement the "Prevention of Illegal Infringement at Work Plan"
• The Company enhanced the training programs for new employees and current 
employees. All units are required to complete the "hazard identification and 
risk assessment for prevention of illegal infringement in the workplace" for all 
employees each year.
• The representatives of both labor and management established the "Illegal 
Infringement Complaint Investigation Team" to investigate cases of illegal 
infringement, implement the Prevention of Illegal Infringement at Work Plan.
• All units have posted promotional posters for "ban on sexual harassment" and 
published the "Regulations on Sexual Harassment Prevention, Complaints and 
Investigation" on the official website and internal website. They have also set 
up sexual harassment complaint hotlines and emails.
• The Company organizes courses on sexual harassment prevention regulations, 
complaint channels, and prevention of workplace violence each year.
Preventive and Mitigation Measures

150
3-3 Gender equality
First Financial Holding Co., Ltd. (FFHC) implements the Gender Equality Policy in spirit of the Conven-
tion on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination Against Women (CEDAW) and in compliance 
with the Act of Gender Equality in Employment. We promote gender equality by focusing on “corpo-
rate culture,” “organizational structure,” “ salary and benefits,” “education and training,” “work-life 
balance,” “child birth measures,” and “workplace safety” to create a friendly, gender-equal environ-
ment for employees, thereby realizing our vision of becoming a happy enterprise.
The Company has internal regulations in place, mandating compliance with principles of gender 
equality and prohibition of discrimination and that employees may not engage in any conducts that 
may be construed as sexual harassment or discrimination when performing their duties. Meanwhile, 
the Company has set up an Employee Care Group under the “Sustainable Development Commit-
tee,” which is affiliated with the Board of Directors. The Group is composed of members from human 
resource-related departments of each company. Group members are responsible for promoting 
gender equality measures, gender equality education, gender discrimination prevention and 
handling, and workplace bullying, among other incidents. To assist employees in maintaining 
work–life balance, FFHC provides several benefits and leave regulations that exceed the minimum 
benchmark set by labor laws; these include the maximum 44 days of paid personal, sick leave, and 
family care leave as well as 14 days of marriage leave. Considering employees’ need to take care 
of their family, especially during the COVID-19 pandemic, we also implement 14 days of paid 
epidemic prevention leave and working from home, among other flexible working measures and 
practices that surpass legal requirements.
Also, to address the social issue of declining birth rates, the Company provides a marriage 
allowance of NT$30,000 as well as childbirth subsidies of NT$100,000 for the first child and 
NT$150,000 for each subsequent child, totaling NT$25.15 million in subsidies for 2022 and 1,452 
newborns as of 2022. Aside from enjoying a maximum 44 days of paid tocolysis leave during 
pregnancy, female employees receive regular pre-birth health education and seminar information 
provided by professional nurses. Aside from our implementation of the Maternal Protection Program, 
a taxi allowance of NT$10,000 was issued to pregnant women in 2021 while maternity leave across 
the company was increased from 56 to 58 days in 2022. Leave for prenatal checkups and paternity 
were increased from 7 to 8 days which is superior to current laws and regulations. In 2023, 2 days 
of "Artificial Insemination Leave" was implemented, allowing female colleagues undergoing invasive 
treatments due to artificial insemination to apply for paid leave;Furthermore, we implement bans on 
works and tasks that are potentially dangerous to mothers and babies, set up a breastfeeding room, 
offer child care leave, protect the welfare of employees on unpaid parental leave, and provide 
education grants for employees’ children as well as corporate childcare contracts in order to create 
a workplace environment that gives employees ample support for having children.
FFHC not only promotes gender equality within the vicinity of the company but also internalizes 
gender equality awareness into its core operations. Apart from co-organizing seminars with govern-
ment agencies and professional institutions on trust and property planning for elderly people, we 
also actively promote the concept of gender equality in property inheritance, launch Micro Loans for 
Female Entrepreneurs to assist women in starting their own businesses, and introduce a wide range 
of women-friendly credit cards, to empower women economically. Earned the distinction of 
"Measures Friendly to Families and Work Equality" by the New Taipei City Government in 2022 as 
well as inclusion as a constituent stock in the Bloomberg Gender Equality Index (GEI) as clear indica-
tions that gender equality practices have been included in the Group's operating principles and 
leadership decisions.
• Marriage allowance of NT$60,000for two
   (employees)
• Childbirth allowance of at most NT$300,000for twins
• NT$10,000 in Transportation Subsidy
   for Pregnant Employees
• Flexible work hours
• Work from home
• Subsidies for children's
   education
• Child care subsidies
•Artificial pregnancy leave
  with 2 days paid leave
Increased benefits NT$310,000 for marriage and childbirth
Childbirth Allowance and Subsidies
• No need to apply for 
leave if 10 minutes late 
for work
• No need to apply for 
leave if leave work 10 
minutes early
• Can start work an hour 
early or leave work an 
hour later
• Can work an hour less
• Can apply for an hour of 
leave
• 14 days of paid  
epidemic prevention  
leave
• Work from home
• Distributed work to 
reduce traveling
• Risk of infection in 
public transportation
Various flexible working measures provide more support for
colleagues to take care of their families
Work–life balance
Employees are supported
during COVID-19 to take
care of their family
Flexible work hours

3-4 Compensation Structure with Equal Pay for Equal Work
All starting salaries of the Company and subsidiaries are higher than the minimum wage stipulated in the Labor Standards 
Act.We follow the principle of fair and reasonable compensation in employee compensation. There is no difference based on 
gender or other factors. The ratio between the starting salary for men and women is 1:1, so there is equal pay for equal work. 
In 2022, when comparing the Group's overall compensations for male and female employees with men's salary (100%) as 
baseline, the average salary of female senior executives is 103% while average compensation is 106%; the average salary of 
females in entry managerial roles is 102%, average compensation is 102%; the average salary of females in non-managerial 
roles is 96% while average compensation is 99%.
2022
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
103%
106%
102%
102%
96%
99%
●○ Remuneration at FFHC in the past years
Average salary of the
President ＊1、2
Average compensation of the
President＊3
Average salary of senior
executive＊4
Average salary of entry
managerial roles＊5
Average compensation of
senior executive
Average compensation of
entry managerial roles
Average salary of
non-management personnel
Average compensation of
non-management personnel
2021
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
109%
110%
104%
106%
97%
100%
2020
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
103%
108%
105%
104%
97%
100%
2019
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
104%
112%
105%
106%
97%
100%
＊1：The salary and remuneration of the President are proposed by the Remuneration Committee and submitted to the Board of Directors for 
review.There is no gender-based variation.
＊2：Definitions of salary: Salary refers to the monthly base salary, position allowances, various other allowances, compensation for overtime work, etc.
＊3：Definitions of compensation: Compensation refers to the salary + other incentives (e.g., Employee compensations, bonuses,
         retirement benefits, severance pay, and incentives of material value).
＊4：Definition of senior executive: based on definition of "managerial officers" (including managers of foreign
         sub-branches) established in Tai-Cai-Zheng-3 No. 920001301 letter dated March 27, 2003
＊5：Definition of entry managerial roles: Management personnel other than senior executives.
＊1：New employees are paid in accordance with labor leave rules in
        the year they arrive on the job.
＊2：Sick leave and personal leave combined amount to 44 days.
＊3： Counted toward 14 days of personal leave.
＊4：The number of days granted for compassionate leave depends
        the degree of kinship.
151
Female employees are
granted 58 days of 
maternity leave before 
and after child birth. 
(law grants 56 days)
Pregnancy-Friendly Leave
• Personal leave14
days＊1
• Sick Leave 30 days＊1
•Family care leave 7
days＊1
•Menstrual leave
1day/month＊1
•Tocolysis Leave 44
days＊2
•Epidemic prevention
leave 14 days＊3
•Volunteering leave1
day
Full-Pay Leave
Increased number of days
Maternity Leave
Female employees 
who receive invasive 
treatments of artificial 
fertility treatments are 
provided with 2 days 
of paid leave.
Artificial Pregnancy Leave
・44 days of paid sick leave
and personal leave
combined. (whereas the law
grants half-paid sick leave
and unpaid personal leave)
・7 days of maternity leave
are granted to employees
who miscarried within 3
months of pregnancy. (law
grants 5 days)
Prenatal Checkup Leave,
Paternity Leave + Paternity Leave
8 days of leave for accompany-
ing spouse to prenatal 
checkups or child birth. (law 
grants 7 days)
Marriage leave
14 days
Compassionate
leave 21 days＊4
Miscarriage leave
7 days
Maternity leave
58 days
Prenatal checkup/
paternity leave
8 days
8 days
5 days
56 days
7 days
Longest
8 days
FFHC
Legal Requirement
Tocolysis Leave +Miscarriage leave
Paid leave and number of paid leave days
surpass legal requirements

152
3-5 Freedom of association
To promote employer-employee harmony as well as support business development and employee 
welfare, all companies have set up diverse and confidential employee communication channels.The 
Employer-Employee Meeting at each company consists of an equal number of labor and manage-
ment representatives. The conference is held periodically to discuss employer- employee issues such 
as improvements to working conditions and benefits. The Employer-Employee Meeting of other 
companies are convened each quarter. All effort is made to find a mutually beneficial outcome in 
order to enhance employer- employee relations and cooperation. The number of Employer-Employ-
ee Meetings convened in the past four years and the number of motions are provided in the table 
below.In 2022, no sanctions were suffered due to labor-management disputes (refers to cases and 
complaints of labor-management disputes).
●○ Statistics on Employer-Employee Meetings in the past years
No. of meetings
Proposals
Labor disputes (number of cases)
Item  
Year
2022
31
68
0
2021
30
71
0
2020
32
70
0
2019
28
76
0
We offer a fair workplace with gender equality. At FFHC, female directors and female independent 
directors account for 57% and 60% of the Board of Directors, respectively, and a female member of 
the board also serves as the convener of the Company’s Audit Committee. The Board of Directors of 
FFHC and its bank and life insurance subsidiaries is chaired by a female chairperson, and the 
Presidents of FFHC and its bank and securities subsidiaries are all women. The ratio of female 
employees with managerial and non-managerial roles in the Group is higher than that of men. As 
of the end of 2022, women account for 50.2% of the Group’s 317 senior executives, and 48.5% of 
women hold job positions with potential for salary increase. In addition, 470 female employees or 
43.8% of employees of the Company have positions relevant to Science, Technology, Engineering, 
and Mathematics (STEM). This composition shows that there are no gender-based differences in the 
Company’s hiring and promotion practices.
＊1：Number of junior female executives/total number of junior executives (Definition of junior executive: Management 
personnel other than senior executives.) 
＊2：Number of female executives in positions with potential for salary increase/total number of executives in positions 
with potential for salary increase(excluding supporting departments such as human resources, IT, and legal affairs)
＊3：We started the disclosure of the percentage of women in related STEM positions in 2020；STEM refers to 
Science,Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics；We recruit employees based on their professional skills and 
do not set gender-based thresholds for recruitment.
●○ Proportion of Female Executives and Employees in Past Years
Percentage of female employees (%)
Percentage of female executives (%)
Percentage of junior female executives (%)＊1
Percentage of senior female executives (%)
Item 
Year
2022
60.1
50.4
50.4
50.2
48.5
43.8
2021
60.4
51.1
50.9
51.9
40.1
43.1
2020
60.0
51.2
51.3
50.9
53.2
38.8
2019
59.9
51.2
51.3
51.1
48.4
38.1
Percentage of female employees in
management roles that have the potential
for salary increase (e.g. sales )(％)＊2
Percentage of women in related
STEM positions (%)＊3

153
All companies of Group protect employees' freedom of association in all domestic and foreign business locations. First Bank 
signed the 4th collective bargaining agreement with the First Bank Union in 2019. The terms of the agreement covered employ-
ment, transfer, dismissal, working hours, routine leave, leave applications and holidays, compensation, benefits, compensation 
for occupational injury, retirement and death benefits. The collective bargaining agreement also specifies that in the event of 
a merger, reorganization, transfer, demerger, or other material changes to operations, the process shall be transparent and 
material decisions must be provided to the union and employees immediately after the Employer-Employee Meeting. Where 
necessary, employees shall be given severance pay and provided with favorable compensation. 27.8% of the articles 
pertained to employee health and safety. Around 94.22% of employees are covered by the collective bargaining agreement. 
The employees and employer of First Securities and First Financial AMC completed the signature of the collective bargaining 
agreements in April 2019. Contents also included provisions for labor rights protection in the event of material changes in 
operations. More than 15.8% of the provisions involved health and safety and they were commended by the Ministry of Labor 
for promoting cooperation between employees and the employer and mutual prosperity.
3-6 Sexual Harassment Prevention
To foster a friendly workplace where employees are safe from sexual harassment, we have announced and implemented the 
"Regulations on sexual harassment prevention, complaints and investigation". Random inspections of posters on sexual harass-
ment prevention and laws were conducted in northern, central and southern Taiwan as well. The company website now 
contains information on sexual harassment prevention, along with a sexual harassment telephone hotline, fax and e-mail. 
Complaints are handled by dedicated staff. All FFHC companies have also incorporated "Sexual Harassment Prevention and 
Handling Procedures", "Laws and Gender Equality at Work", and "Sexual Harassment Prevention Cases" and other courses into 
orientation and compliance training. Sexual harassment prevention and gender equality awareness coursesare regularly 
incorporated in management training classes to improve management’s knowledge on the prevention and handling of sexual 
harassment. Persons in charge of handling sexual harassment claims are regularly trained to improve their professional 
knowledge and investigative skills; specifically, they are appointed to attend training programs hosted by external agencies, 
including professional training courses on skills for investigating sexual harassment claims and relevant seminars. In 2022, a 
total of 8,938 employees of the Group participated in sexual harassment prevention courses. 
In addition, a "Sexual Harassment Complaints Committee" with 9 committee members has also been established and more 
than half of the members are female. The committee members serve for 2 years and their terms may be extended. The 
members of the committee must possess actual experience with handling sexual harassment, as well as a background in law, 
social sciences and human resources. According to rules, investigation procedures for any occurring cases must be conducted 
in private and within 7 days of receiving the complaint. Results of the investigation are sent to the involved party after comple-
tion and an investigative report is submitted to the committee for review and closed within 2 months. The committee shall 
review established cases and issue appropriate punishments to the perpetrator; aside from a role transfer to prevent further 
contact with the victim, the perpetrator shall receive demerits. Assistance and support shall be offered to the victim and aside 
from respecting and providing suitable work arrangements, mental consulting services shall be provided by Teacher Chang 
Foundation; a lawyer will be hired to provide assistance in cases involving civil compensation. In order to protect the privacy 
and character of the involved party, members of the Sexual Harassment Committee and relevant undertakers are obligated 
to maintain confidentiality of the involved party's name or other identifiable information unless it is necessary to the investiga-
tion or there are other considerations towards public safety. To reiterate the importance of confidentiality, the committee chair 
must read aloud the relevant terms to all attending members before each meeting. There have been no complaints or cases 
of sexual harassment at the Company in 2022.
●○ Statistical table on number of employees who are members of the union
No. of employees who are members of the union
Percentage of employees who are members of the union (%)
Item
Year
2022
7,516
94.22%
2021
7,500
96.84%
2020
7,500
97.94%
2019
7,300
96.51%
＊1：Percentage of employees who are union members = number of employees who are members of the union / number of employees (excluding local 
hires of overseas offices and temporary personnel)
＊2：Reduction in members was due to an increased number of retired employees and relatively low number of new recruits who became a member.
●○ Statistical table on related human right complaints in the past years
Sexual harassment (number of case)
Item 
Year
2022
0
2021
1 (Not established)
2020
5
2019
0

154
4-1 Employee composition and diversity
Employees form the core of the financial service industry. FFHC has not only established a brand image of sound management 
in the minds of the general public but is also working actively to build a "happy workplace." We have long adhered to our 
philosophy of "employees are the company's most valuable asset." We are committed to creating an ethical, transparent, 
caring and cooperative working environment for employees. Employees are also encouraged to realize their full potential and 
create value.As of 2022, the number of full-time employees in the group is 10,095 (578 foreign personnel, 6,062 female employ-
ees, 4,033 male employees, female to male ratio of approximately 6:4, managerial personnel account for 17.2%, female 
managerial personnel account for 50.4%, the proportion of female managers and employees is higher than their male counter-
parts; The proportion of senior management hired from domestic residents was 100%. Additionally, there were a total of 118 
non-employee workers (includes staffers, security, maintenance, and cleaning personnel) at the Group in 2022.
Diverse Talent Recruitment and Skill Cultivation
GRI：2-7、2-8、202-2、401-1、404-1、404-2、404-3、405-1
2022
employee 
demographics -
education
●○ Total number of employees in 2022 - By role
Total senior
executives
159 158
Total junior
executives
715 703
Total employees
5,188
3,172
Female
Male
56.4%
23.8%
College, 5,694
Master's
Degree, 2,402
0.1%
Doctoral
Degree, 6
0.4%
Junior High School
or below, 46
5.3%
High
School
(Vocational
High
School)
538
14%
Junior
College, 1,409
Age distribution of
non-management
personnel in
2022
Age distribution of
management
personnel in
2022
Unit: person
51 and above,
Female 565, Male 533
30%
19%
21%
30%
63%
33%
1,098
30-39,
Female 33
Male 33
40-50,
Female 276
Male 295
66
571
51 and above,
Female 939,
Male 816
1,755
40-50,
Female 1,742
Male 765
2,507
30-39,
Female1,431
Male1,042
2,473
Less than 30,
Female 1,076
Male 549
1,625
4%
●○
2022 Statistics of
Non-Employee
Workers
Unit: person
Type
Sub-Total
Ratio
Staffers
76
64.4%
Security
16
13.6%
Maintenance
8
6.78%
Cleaning
18
15.3%
＊： This statistic refers to the personnel dispatched from Headquarters who are non-employee workers covered by the
occupational health and safety management system.
Total
118

1 Employee
0.01%
Cambodia
142 Employees
1.41%
1 Employee
0.01%
1 Employee
0.01%
10 Supervisors
(0.58%)
116 Employees
1.25%
China
(including Hong
Kong and Macau)
1 Supervisor
(0.06%)
10 Employees
0.11%
Japan
1,687 Supervisors
(97.23%)
7,830 Employees
94.27% Taiwan
2 Supervisors
(0.12%)
62 Employees
0.63%
Vietnam
1 Supervisor
(0.06%)
11 Employees
0.12%
Philippines
Laos
0.14%
14 Employees
12 Employees
0.12%
U.K.
155
●○ 2022 Foreign Employees by Nationality and Percentage
3 Supervisors
(0.17%)
5 Employees
0.08% Germany
3 Supervisors
(0.17%)
15 Employees
0.18% Singapore
Canada
2 Supervisors
(0.12%)
17 Employees
0.19%
1 Supervisor
(0.12%)
0.1%
Australia
24 Supervisors
(1.37%)
114 Employees
1.37%
U.S.
●○ Employee Composition Statistics of the Group
Taiwan
Overseas
3,894
7
3,894
0
132
0
132
0
5,600
16
5,600
0
442
0
442
4
Region
Permanent employees
Temporary employees
Full-time employees
Part-time employees
Permanent employees
Temporary employees
Full-time employees
Part-time employees
Level of employee
＊：There are 0 employees without guaranteed hours. This refers to how there are no employees with guaranteed minimum or fixed work hours such as 
employees on zero hour contracts and standby.
Unit: People
The number and proportion of foreign personnel to the total 
workforce: 530 employees, 48 managers, total of 578 personnel 
accounting for 5.73%
There are a total of 48 foreign managers, including entry level, 
middle, and senior management personnel accounting for 2.77%
10 Employees
Indonesia
Myanmar
Thailand

156
4-2 Human Capital and Recruitment
To catalyze the development of innovative financial products and services, we recruit top professionals with a background in 
business management, information science, science and engineering, law or psychology. Since 2014, we have recruited more 
than 300 professional personnel and high-level managers with related digital technology expertise such as information safety 
management, big data analysis, social media management, and Internet marketing management. In coordination with the 
global strategy of dedicating recruitment efforts in the ASEAN region, the search for talent also continues in overseas locations 
across the U.S. and Europe. The addition of an overseas group when hiring reserve managers has resulted in the active recruit-
ment of talent with language skills such as English, French, German, and Spanish into the operations team to implement an 
elite talent cultivation policy based in diversity.
On the other hand, the Company focuses on the observable professional capabilities of employees as well as their internal 
personality traits to predict the future job performance of employees. As such, a variety of digital tools have been introduced 
for this purpose, such as: AI video interviews and talent assessment systems to improve the efficiency of talent selection and 
act as a basis for refining human resource development. In order to understand the leadership potential of employees, the 
bank introduced the Career Personality Aptitude System (CPAS) for the selection of deputy manager reserves in 2014. The 
result of aptitude tests provides an objective assessment of managerial capabilities and were given to interviewers for 
reference and improving the identification of professional ability as managers. Starting in 2016, the test was also implemented 
into the selection process of core reserve talent (MA).
●○ Status of diverse talent recruitment in 2022
Execution Results
Goals
Project
• The program helps youths experience, learn, and explore 
professional careers, gain economic independence during their 
studies, and improve their career development competitiveness. We 
recruited 35 summer interns in 2022 and we have provided more 
than 496 students with part-time job opportunities since 2011.
• The Ministry of Education encourages high school and vocational 
high school students to explore their career opportunities during 
their studies by participating in the "Career Counseling Program for 
Students in Senior High School and Below". 1 student took part in 
2022 and was hired as full-time employees.
• The Bank has established and implemented the "overseas manage-
ment personnel program and "sales personnel for China program" 
since 2009 and has trained a total of 399 overseas trainees.
• In order to increase the willingness of colleagues to take on 
overseas positions, the "Expatriate System Survey" was implemented 
in July 2022 to consider employee feedback when refining the 
expatriate system.
• When recruiting reserve managers (MA) in 2023, an "overseas 
group" was included for those willing to work in overseas locations; 
the remuneration and benefits provided for these positions are 
generous within the financial sector. First Bank has more than 40 
overseas locations and the recruitment of MA for the overseas group 
addresses potential future labor shortages while expanding 
cultivation channels for international talent in finance.
• "Work-Study Program 
for Youths for 
Economic Indepen-
dence" of the Youth 
Development 
Administration of the 
Ministry of Education
• "Youth Employment 
Pilot Program" of the 
Workforce Develop-
ment Agency, Ministry 
of Labor
We work together with 
academic institutions to 
build a comprehensive 
supply chain of financial 
professionals, and use 
work-study and internship 
programs to quickly 
connect outstanding 
students with real 
experience in the 
financial industry.
• Strengthen training 
mechanisms for 
overseas trainees
• Expatriate System 
Survey
With the expansion of 
First Bank's overseas 
subsidiaries, the Bank's 
demand for talented 
expatriate personnel has 
increased. We hope to 
cultivate international 
talents to enhance their 
understanding and 
support of the Group.
• We recruited 48 FinTech talents in 2022. They include specialists in 
big data analysis, social media management, digital channel 
planning, and information security.
• The Company strengthens its cultivation of digital talents by building 
a core talent pool comprising management associates (MAs) who 
possess digital, innovative thinking, design thinking, and agile 
management skills. Specifically, four major projects are arranged for 
MAs, including digital account promotion, collaboration with 
different industries on open banking innovation, analysis of customer 
behaviors in digital channels and marketing activities, and digital 
recreation.
• Financial technology 
and other profes-
sional talent 
recruitment
• Individuals from the 
company's core 
talent pool are 
appointed to 
participate in digital 
projects
Understanding digital 
finance development is 
the key for success in the 
era of digital finance. We 
help our employees to 
improve their digital skills 
and actively recruit 
skilled employees with 
scientific, mathematical, 
and information 
backgrounds.
• Co-organized industry-academia training programs with 131 
universities. A total of 240 interns were recruited from 2019-2022 to 
participate in the practical operation of financial businesses and 
174 were retained as full-time employees, thereby attracting 
outstanding students to serve this Group upon graduation. In 2022, 
recruitment for digital information and customer service interns were 
added to expand employment channels for diverse talent.
• Partnered with the National Taipei University of Business to launch a 
"Special Program in Financial Practices" where lecturers with 
professional experience were appointed to teach young students 
about financial practices.
• Industry-academia 
partnerships with 
universities
• Special programs in 
financial practices
• Named sponsorship 
for the 5th LSC 
League of Legends 
School Champion-
ship
The Company has 
established a presence 
on campus and identifies 
talented students to 
cultivate talents with 
potential for research 
and development in the 
financial industry and 
enhance management 
services and added 
value of its products.
Finance talents
Digital talents
Cross-border talents
Industrial-academic
andcross-industry
cooperation talents
Target

157
FFHC embraces tolerance and multiculturalism in our recruiting policy every year. There are no 
restrictions based on school, major, age, background or gender. In 2022, the number of employees 
with disabilities in the Company satisfied or exceeded the government quota.They also enjoy the 
same salary and benefits as regular employees.A total of 944 new employees were recruited in 
2022 with a women:men ratio of 6:4.
As of the end of 2022, the Group had 46 overseas business locations including 18 operations in 
Southeast Asia. In addition to hiring the most compatible and talented employees, the business 
locations also provide local residents with prioritized employment opportunities to continue to 
implement local management. Local hires with outstanding performances are promoted annually, 
with some holding managerial positions, emphasizing the diversity and inclusiveness of the Group 
while benefiting business expansion. As of the end of 2022, the Group has hired 578 foreign employ-
ees including 149 new foreign employees.
●○ Overview of employee diversity in the past years
Unit: Persons
Year
Item
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
Persons with physical
and mental disabilities
99
98
99
95
87
Indigenous People
4
7
7
6
7
No. of Nationalities
14
15
14
14
14
＊：The decrease in employees with physical and mental disabilities is due to the request for early retirement by certain 
personnel.
●○ Statistics of new recruits and total number of employees in 2022
End of 2022
Less
than
30
30–50
years
old
51
and
above
Total
354
3.5
47
0.47
401
3.97
441
4.37
102
1.01
543
5.38
9,517
94.27
578
5.73
10,095
100
Number of employees
in Taiwan
Percentage of all
employees (%)
Percentage of all
employees (%)
Total
Percentage of all
employees (%)
Number of employees
overseas
Less
than
30
30–50
years
old
51
and
above
166
1.64
22
0.22
188
1.86
161
1.59
20
0.20
181
1.79
27
0.27
5
0.05
32
0.32
245
2.43
58
0.57
303
3.0
164
1.62
32
0.32
196
1.94
32
0.32
12
0.12
44
0.44
4,033
9.94
6,062
8.96
-
-
544
34.6
2,133
8.5
1,349
2.4
1,076
28.2
3,482
5.6
1,504
2.9
Total number of
colleagues with the
same gender/age out
of total employees
Percentage of employees
of the same gender/
age (%)
Total 
no. of 
employ-
ees

158
4-3 Human Resource Management Risk Map
FFHC evaluates the impact of ESG risk factors on the Group's operations in the establishment of 
business locations, new business development, loan investments, procurements, planning of 
business strategies, and human resource development.The human resource management risk graph 
drawn up based on the 22 selected evaluated factors in 2022, with the vertical axis as incidence 
probability and horizontal axis as the impact on company operations, is as follows. The 10 factors 
designated as medium to high probability incidence were categorized as those requiring risk 
management.
In 2022, due diligence investigations were conducted to identify the occurrence rate and impact 
level of major issues such as "major infectious diseases", " Information security", and "occupational 
health and safety management" to establish and implement plans that can mitigate relevant risks 
and their impact on this Group, such as: Revised provisions within the "Major Epidemic Response 
Plan" and "Crisis Management Guideline for Overseas Units" in response to the COVID-19 epidemic 
and geopolitical risks of overseas operating locations. In the event of a crisis or disaster, the task 
group method is used to form crisis management teams that seek solutions to prevent the risk of 
interruption to operations.
Human Resource Management Risk Map
Impact
Low
• Performance evaluation
• Employer/employee
   relations
• Recruitment cost
• Corporate culture
High
High
• Attendance
   management
• Basic benefits
• Salary payment
• Job rotation
• Employee relations
• Violation of Statutory
   Work Hours 
• Manpower gap
• Career training
• FinTech
• Regulatory compliance
• Corruption, Bribery
• Economic Crime
• Competitors compete for local
   hires
• Assignment of personnel to
   overseas offices
• Remote work/working from home
• Major infectious disease
• Information security
• Occupational safety and health
   management
Also, in response to the global pandemic and impact of inflation in 2022, the 
bank has implemented comprehensive salary adjustments of 4% to meet the 
needs of overseas personnel and their dependents while also increasing 
"regional subsidies", "housing rental subsidies', "children's education grants", 
"relocation subsidies", and "health examination subsidies" along with increas-
ing the subsidy standards of the "dependent's allowance". The bank also 
revised the "rules for employee promotion" to boost retention of ground level 
personnel. Since 2023, the promotion threshold for level 3-5 personnel has 
decreased from 2 years to 1 year while the promotion of level 6 personnel has 
been adjusted to remove quota limits. Furthermore, colleagues are encour-
aged to refine their language abilities to accelerate the implementation of the 
bilingual policy. Since 2022, level 6 or above personnel who obtain advanced 
language proficiency certifications and have passed examination by their 
supervisors may be promoted to level 7 after 1 year at the earliest.
Medium
Medium
Probability

●○ Career training system
159
4-4 Complete development system
New employees immediately enter our training system upon reporting for work. Comprehensive training plans are available 
from basic, advanced professional, deputy managers, managers, and senior management. For those that meet management 
personnel selection qualifications, we organize related training courses and tests and used one or two phases of interviews, 
270-degree evaluations (supervisors, peers, and subordinates) to evaluate employees' management and leadership skills.
For employee professional competency development, employees are encouraged to actively participate in training courses, 
acquire related certificates necessary for their businesses, and propose innovative work plans. Employees receive credit for 
acquiring related professional certification during annual performance evaluations, and are given bonuses for innovative 
proposals. Between 2019~2022, a total of 321 employee proposals were adopted and NT$102,600 in bonuses issued. Apart 
from solid on-the-job training as well as practical experience gained through job rotation, we also organize a variety of profes-
sional training, online training, internships, language training, internal certification testing and management competency 
training. To acquire new financial knowledge and the latest industry developments, personnel are frequently sent to attend 
training courses and overseas development programs organized by professional training bodies.
First Bank has implemented a management enhancement program to enhance the management functions of management 
personnel. The bank has established a modular training system based on the needs of management competencies on each 
level. The system provides a variety of courses on common management issues, effective management methods, and commu-
nication skills for communicating with superior officers and subordinates to reduce management difficulties and help improve 
management quality. The training is based on a dual-track system of both "leadership management competencies" and 
"business management competencies".
●○ Bonuses awarded for innovative employee proposals within the last 4 years
Unit: case, NT$
Employee proposals
Total proposals
No. of awarded proposals/Bonuses
762
321/102,600
2022
322
126/40,400
2021
147
74/23,000
2020
196
76/24,000
2019
97
45 / 15,200
Total
• Help new employees smoothly
   connect with the workplace
• Quickly understand the company's
   organizational structure and culture
Covers corporate knowledge, basic operational skills,
legal compliance education, human rights regulations,
team-building activities, safety and health course
Basic training
• Enhance employees' 
knowledge and skills of 
basic operations
• Introduce important 
regulations, processes, 
internal controls and sales 
techniques for each task
Advanced training
• Enhance employees' 
advanced specialized 
skills
• Industry analysis, case 
discussion, sharing of 
experience by top 
marketers
Internship
Go directly to the relevant 
unit and follow a senior 
internal instructor around to 
learn and observe the 
workflow and key points of 
each business process
Assistant manager trainee
• Improve preliminary 
management capabilities
• Enhance knowledge of 
management roles and 
management skills
Manager trainee
• Strategic planning, 
social skills, etc.
• Strengthen 
leadership and 
management skills
Mentoring
scheme
Job role deputy
training
Job rotation
Professional
certification counseling
Language training
• Strengthen the foreign language skills and promote 
a language-learning atmosphere for employees
• Provide subsidies to employees attending foreign 
language courses at language centers
• Set up English courses on online e-learning platform
External training
• Encourage and subsidize colleagues 
for on-the-job training
• Send to external financial institutions 
to learn about business-related 
competency
Senior assistant manager trainee
• Strengthen team communication 
and build team rapport
• Resource allocation,Encouragement 
for subordinates and management 
of next-generation personnel
New employee training
Specialized training
Management training
Other training
On-the-job training

160
4-5 Talent Training Programs
FFHC attaches a high level of importance to the cultivation of people with great potential. We use the performance evaluation 
matrix to identify employees with high performance or potential then tailor "Individual Development Plans" (IDP) to their profes-
sional background, language skills, and competency analysis. We also continue to work with external professional training 
institutions to provide training for related professional finance skills. First Bank works with the Taiwan Academy of Banking and 
Finance and Taipei Foundation of Finance in organizing professional training for foreign exchange derivatives, trusts, compli-
ance, anti-money laundering, and overseas trainees. First Securities and First Securities Investment Trust arrange professional 
training courses such as pre-service training, on-the-job training, and business seminars through related business associations 
and the Securities and Futures Institute.
Overseas talent is also a key component of our global expansion. To ensure the smooth operations of overseas business units 
and the stability of the business operations of the unit.Outstanding employees interested in working at overseas branches are 
selected for management associate training every year. We provide employees with different professional training and foreign 
language courses based on their different business experience and professional background to strengthen their language 
skills, business skills, and management skills for understanding cultural diversity. As of the end of 2022, 399 overseas manage-
ment associates have been cultivated.
The companies of the Group established various career development training programs for employees in response to the 
human resource risks under management.To ensure the "qualitative" and "quantitative" talent development and protect and 
control training effectiveness, we introduced the Kirkpatrick Model and Human Capital ROI to review and evaluate the changes 
and effectiveness of employees' behavior and performance during and after training.
Evaluation level
Questionnaire
360-degree evaluation
Description
Response level (Level 1)
Arranging students to fill out the course satisfaction survey after training, and
encouraging them to suggest improvements to the course
Evaluate whether a new employee has applied his knowledge in daily work
through daily work performance, manager's review, as well as feedback of
colleagues and customers
After course evaluation
Mock exercise
Project presentation
Learning level (Level 2)
Behavior level (Level 3)
Results level (Level 4)
Evaluation method
Arranging a test immediately after the course to evaluate learning results
Conduct of scenario play, enhancing effectiveness through simulation practice
Arranging students to conduct presentation and analysis of actual cases to
enhance their application capabilities
Practical Assessment
Effectiveness evaluation
Evaluation of student's work quality and professional knowhow
Evaluating training effectiveness through operating performance growth
Returns level (Level 5)
Return on investment
evaluation
Use the return on investment (ROI) to evaluate the results of training
*ROI: (Financial benefits - training cost) / training cost
●○ Effectiveness of training based on implementation of the Kirkpatrick Model
Training program to link ESG and operations
Kirkpatrick Evaluation Level
Objective: Implement strong ties between ESG and operations to boost the positive impact of sustainability and business
performance.
Operating performance: Strengthen the sustainable finance literacy and operating capabilities of colleagues, encourage 
enterprises to apply for green financing loans, increase the proportion of green financing to the overall enterprise's loan 
amount to promote a positive circulation of sustainability and operating performance. In 2022, the amount of approved green 
financing loans reached NT$663.756 billion.
Reaction level L1 : Number of personnel trained in ESG program
Learning level L2 : Number of participating volunteers at events
Behavior level L3 : Satisfaction level of volunteer services (%)
Results level L4 : Approved amount of ESG/green financing loans (NT$100 million)
Rewards level L5 : Balance of green/ESG financing loans as a percentage of the
                         balance of enterprise financing loans (%)
2022
2021
2020
2019
1,616
1,312
90.06
6,637.56
61.92
1,853
1,559
89.53
5,291.16
54.36
1,814
2,019
92.28
4,692.91
53.76
1,420
2,872
-
8,093.8
93.2

161
Management Trainee Succession and Training Program
Kirkpatrick Evaluation Level
Target: Improve the competency indicators such as management and leadership skills and judgment of managers to attain
all business objectives.
Benefits for operations: Strengthen the team leadership skills of managers to enhance the cohesion force and motivation of 
employees and increase the revenue of the Company. The Company has employed 649 management associates between 2019 
and 2022.
Response level L1 : Average satisfaction rate of training course (%)
Learning level L2 : Test passage rate (%)
Behavior level L3 : Key talent retention rate (%)
Results level L4 : Operational risk ratio (%)
Returns level L5 : Estimated return on investment (ROI) for training
2022
2021
2020
2019
94.2
100
100
4.23
109.9
94.1
100
100
4.57
109.5
94.6
100
100
4.56
114.4
92.2
100
100
4.78
78.8
＊：Operational risk ratio = (operational risks/total risk-weighted assets) *100%
＊：Estimated return on investment (ROI) for training = revenue (operating expenses - (salary cost + benefit cost)) ÷ (salary cost + benefit cost)
Digital Banking Talent Transformation Program
Kirkpatrick Evaluation Level
Goal: Elevate their expertise in digital finance products and marketing capability.
Operating performance: We acquired 145 patents on Fintech inventions and new models and 3,472 employees passed the 
"Fintech knowledge certification".We enhanced the digital marketing performance with the enhancement of the smart customer 
service system, digital welcome system, and new functions in the mobile marketing platform app. The training cost in 2019, 
2020, 2021, and 2022 totaled NT$70,408 thousand, NT$49,860 thousand , NT$51,014 thousand ,and NT$57,183 thousand, 
respectively.
Response level L1 : After-course satisfaction questionnaire recovery rate (%)
Learning level L2 : Test passage rate (%)
Behavior level L3 : Utilization rate of electronic channels (%)
Results level L4 : Percentage of income from digital transactions (%)
Returns level L5 : Return on investment (ROI) evaluation
2022
2021
2020
2019
94
100
88.33
6.99
1,275
95
100
87.29
8.12
2,044
88
100
83.85
7.49
1,077
90
100
80.18
6.97
882
＊：Financial benefits = interest income + service fee income
Overseas Trainee Program
Kirkpatrick Evaluation Level
Goal: Accelerate the professional training of overseas talent.
Operating performance: The increase in the quality of overseas personnel has helped the Bank increase overseas profitability 
each year. In 2019, 2020, 2021 and 2022 gross profits of overseas branches reached  US$264,032,000, US$394,963,000, 
US$425,098,000, and US$427,310,000 respectively.
Response level L1 : Average satisfaction rate of training course (%)
Learning level L2 : Test passage rate (%)
Behavior level L3 : Overseas trainee turnover rate (%)
Results level  L4 : Target achievement rate for new borrowers (%)
Returns level L5 : Operating margin growth rate of overseas units (%)
2022
2021
2020
2019
92.6
100
2.5
54.2
0.52
91.7
100
4.8
58.1
14.72
93.6
100
1.35
60.78
49.59
92.6
100
2.93
72.34
5.57
＊：Although we maintained the operating margin in 2022, the comparison period was higher in 2021 and resulted in reduced growth rate of the
operating margin.

162
Securities Salesperson Transformation Program  
Kirkpatrick Evaluation Level
Goal: Respond to requirements for digital development, help salespersons evolve into an all-rounded financial
management advisor
Operating performance: In 2022, a total of 166 securities salespersons acquired investment insurance certificates.
The investment returns from co-marketing businesses in 2022 increased by 5.2% .
Response level L1 : Average satisfaction rate of training course
Learning level L2 : Test passage rate (%)
Behavior level L3 : Salesperson insurance license acquisition rate (%)
Results level L4 : Percentage of income of insurance products (%)
Returns level  L5 : Return on investment (ROI) evaluation for insurance
                        products through co-marketing
2022
2021
2020
2019
84
99
77.57
0.30
478.91
86
100
70.95
0.20
473.76
80.6
100
71.76
0.30
460.63
83.4
100
66.37
0.53
451.03
＊：Financial benefits = service fee income for sales of insurance products
4-6 Employee Training and Development
In response to the FSC's bilingual banking policy, the Group launched online English courses and sponsored employees' 
participation in foreign language training and tests. First Bank also worked with Time International Language Center, Inc., 
Kojen English Centers and the Language Training and Testing Center in organizing the foreign language training for personnel, 
and the Company organized various English learning activities for employees, including English competitions, Test of English 
for International Communication, and foreign language proficiency test., and provided senior management and overseas 
personnel with foreign language training.We provided subsidies for 989 employees for foreign language training and test fees 
totaling NT$4.36 million in 2022. As of the end of 2022, 3,069 employees passed English proficiency certification tests such as 
the LTTC, IELTS, TOEFL, TOEIC, BULATS, and GEPT, while 314 employees passed the JLPT and the LTTC's Japanese, Spanish, 
Korean, and German language certifications. To effectively strengthen Group personnel's knowledge and awareness of 
anti-money laundering and counter-terrorism financing, FFHC encourages employees to obtain the Certified Anti-Money 
Laundering Specialist (CAMS) certification.As of the end of 2022, 1,499 employees of the Group had obtained CAMS certifica-
tion. 3,166 employees obtained the anti-money laundering and counter terrorism financing professional certification. 
Training
Recipients
Training
Content
Incentive
Measures
Operating
performance
Quantitative
indicator
●○ Bilingual Talent Development Program
• In 2022, the "Reclassification Guideline for the Promotion of Bilingual Personnel" was added as a direct promotion 
plan for level 6 personnel who have obtained advanced language proficiency certifications.
• Industry-academia internship programs were co-organized with National Taipei University of Business as well as 13 
other universities in 2022. A total of 100 students interned at branch locations and 91 interns applied for interviews; 
those who passed the interviews were appointed similarly to new employees. All admitted interns achieved 
language proficiency scores similar to TOEIC 600 and TOEIC 800 standards to reinforce the bilingual talent pool 
and enter as mid-level personnel of a higher job level.
• The number of bilingual branches implemented increased from 12 (including 4 trilingual branches with services in 
Chinese, English, and Japanese) branches at the end of 2020 to 62 (including 11 trilingual branches with services in 
Chinese, English, and Japanese) by the end of 2022.
• The ratio of employees who have completed English proficiency testing gradually increased from 30.87% at the end 
of 2020 to 39.21% at the end of 2022.
Starting in 2021, the implementation of 25 bilingual branches is expected annually to complete bilingual coverage to 
all 188 domestic branches by 2028, thereby providing customers with accessible, comprehensive, and swift financial 
services.
＊：Professional certificates/licenses and number of licensed FFHC
employees.Please refer to page 181~183 of the Company's 2022 Annual Repor
All employees
• Purpose: The English proficiency training program is in response to the Financial Supervisory Commission's bilingual 
policy and the goal of establishing bilingual branches.
• Content: Each year, a variety of English learning subsidies, competitions, and reward programs are implemented 
according to the "Learning Subsidies for Bank Personnel During Off Hours" and bilingual policy to encourage 
colleagues in the continued learning and accumulation of English proficiency. In 2022, the bank organized various 
learning programs such as subsidies for learning English through online platforms, advancement reward for English 
proficiency, managerial subsidies for English tutors, and subsidies for practical dialogue in bilingual branches to 
incentivize employee participation. A total of 989 personnel received subsidies totaling the amount of approximate-
ly NT$4,357,000 in 2022.
• Training Benefits: Support employees in building the habit of continuous English learning to lay the solid foundation 
for a bilingual bank.

163
Professional Insurance Talent Training Program
Kirkpatrick Evaluation Level
Goal: Strengthen professional insurance knowledge to increase insurance marketing and fund utilization benefits.
Operating performance: After increasing the professional knowledge of channel sales representatives and investment 
department colleagues in First Life Insurance, a total of 11,866 accounts were newly added in 2022 while customer 
satisfaction level increased by 2%.
Response level L1 : After-course satisfaction questionnaire recovery rate (%)
Learning level L2 : Test passage rate (%)
Behavior level L3 : Customer satisfaction survey (%) 
Results level L4 : Growth rate of the number of policyholders (%) 
Returns level L5 : First Life Insurance EPS (NT$)
2022
2021
2020
2019
93.82
100
81.3
10.7
0.12
91.5
100
79.3
12
1.3
90.6
100
83.9
10.9
1.14
89.80
100
74.0
14.6
0.63
We also organized digital finance courses to strengthen employees' digital finance knowledge. In addition to arranging 
employees to participate in external Fintech training courses and seminars, we also organized digital finance courses. As of 
the end of 2022, we had organized 12,181 hours of internal FinTech courses for a total of 2,838 participants. To increase the 
effectiveness of employees' training, we registered a total of 245,545 attendances of employees in internal and external 
training in 2022, which equals an average of 64.48 hours of training per person. 
●○ Average employee training hours and training expenses in past years
Item
Year
2022
Total
23,699
64,769
75.23
71,509
190,059
59.92
64.48
6,014
6,071
49,858
134,775
77.68
195,687
516,174
61.74
26,159
70,006
80.10
124,178
326,115
62.86
Total attendances
in training for
managers
Total training hours
for managers
Average training
hours per manager
Total training hours
for non-managers
Average training
hours per
non-manager
Average employee
training hours
Average employee
training cost (NT$)
Total training
expenses (NT$10,000)
Total attendances in
training for
non-managers
2021
Total
20,831
54,265
64.91
57,315
157,798
50.63
43,711
115,382
67.51
156,196
417,841
50.59
22,880
61,117
70.01
98,881
260,043
50.56
2020
Total
19,315
59,823
73.22
52,325
159,580
51.08
40,420
126,017
75.28
142,805
433,997
53.09
21,105
66,194
77.24
90,480
274,417
54.33
2019
Total
15,612
54,383
67.73
42,381
150,468
49.64
53.49
5,610
5,593
56.86
5,647
5,561
54.68
7,805
7,466
32,615
112,559
68.47
116,390
410,496
51.82
17,003
58,176
69.17
74,009
260,028
53.18
＊1：Managers refer to employees who assume managerial roles and administrative duties. 
＊2：Training include physical and online courses. 
Item
Year
2022
67,756,394
27,787,186
17,818,913
3.24
10,095
2021
62,604,429
26,274,683
17,331,619
3.10
9,969
2020
59,568,228
24,730,173
16,131,065
3.16
9,849
2019
62,317,874
23,901,112
15,550,872
3.47
9,565
●○ Return on human capital investment of First Financial Holding in the past 4 years
Consolidated net income (a) (NT$1,000)
Operating expenditure (b) (NT$1,000)
Employee benefits expenditure (c) (NT$1,000)
Human Capital ROI (a-(b-c)) / c
Total no. of employees

164
5-1 Competitive remuneration and performance evaluation system
The Group regularly reviews investigations and reports on market remuneration and the level of benefits to fulfill the responsi-
bility of caring for employees. The full annual salary of employees is at the market level of P65 (better than 65% of peers in the 
financial sector). After a comprehensive 2022 salary adjustment of 4% as well as average adjustments of 6.5% for promotions, 
the average salary of full-time employees in non-managerial roles is NT$1,337,000, a 3.3% growth compared to NT$1,294,000 
in 2021. Total expenditure for employee benefits in 2022 was NT$17.82 billion, a 2.8% increase from NT$17.33 billion in 2021.
For employee compensation at overseas units, we take into account the remuneration survey results of international manage-
ment consultants as well as local economic data, compensation trend forecasts and information exchanged with local compet-
itors. The pay grade principle was used to gradually adjust the remuneration standards of local employees overseas. We are 
also focusing on global human resources issues to better look after the livelihoods of local employees and compliance with 
labor laws.
Talent retention and accessibility benefits
GRI：GRI 2-19、201-3、401-1、401-2、401-3、404-2
SASB：FN-CF-270a.1
Apart from a transparent and fair evaluation system, regular performance and career development assessment is conducted 
on all employees. Evaluations in the first and second halves of the year are used as a way for managers to build up employee 
consensus on individual targets set by the company. At the end of the year, results of mid-year evaluations are used to summa-
rize the overall performance of the employee for the year and emphasizes the long-term performance of employees and 
implements the "Employees Stock Options Purchase Plan" in order to boost morale and reward employees who contributed 
significantly to the company. During application for capital increase, employees can purchase their respective amount of stock 
options at a favorable price based on their position, seniority and performance. The amount of stock options issued is higher 
than the market standard to effectively enhance employee loyalty.
In addition, the Group offers a diverse range of sustainable finance products and services. Subsidiaries have rewards and 
relevant regulations in place for employees responsible for business promotion and sales so as to ensure that employees 
achieve their performance goals. Salaries and bonuses are highly correlated to annual evaluations and job promotions, 
directly impacting their bonuses and salaries for that year, as well as salary increment percentage and promotion likelihood 
for the next year. Based on statistics, the salaries of the Group’s employees and their performance in the sale of sustainable 
finance products showed a correlation of 28.1% in 2022, which suggests a strong link between employees’ salaries and the 
Group’s sustainability strategy and also reflects employees’ job performance and fairness in such assessment.
Item
Year
Percentage
of change (%)
2.3
3.3
5.5
2022
8,360
1,337
1,245
2021
8,171
1,294
1,180
2020
8,056
1,208
1,103
2019
7,835
1,243
1,133
●○ Information on salary of full-time non-supervisory employees
Number of people
Average salary ( Thousands NTD)
Median salary ( Thousands NTD )
＊：Calculated in accordance with Article 3, Paragraph 1, Subparagraph 31 of the Taiwan Stock Exchange Corporation Rules Governing Information 
Filing by Companies with TWSE Listed Securities and Offshore Fund Institutions with TWSE Listed Offshore Exchange-Traded Fund.

165
The "Retention and Promotion of Employees" regulation stipulates that employees above grade 5, 
upon accumulating 2 years of seniority, would be promoted according to number of years in service, 
performances, sales capability, management capability, leadership qualities and business require-
ments. In addition, employees' salaries and bonuses are highly correlated to annual evaluations and 
promotion levels. Annual evaluations directly affect employee bonuses and salaries for that year, as 
well as salary increment percentage and opportunities for promotion for the next year; Approximate-
ly 35% of the special incentive bonus is based on the employee's long-term performance and special 
contribution. The calculation of employees' compensation is based on weightage on evaluation as 
well as seniority and position. Promotion of employees takes into consideration the current position, 
as well as evaluation scores for the last 1–9 years; the selection of assistant supervisor associates 
take into account their evaluation scores at the current grade for the past 1–5 years as well. Each 
weightage is correlated to the employees' long-term performance. Additionally, ESG training has 
been included as an indicator, accounting for approximately 5-6% in the performance evaluations of 
all employees. Evaluations for the promotion of reserve deputy managers will list volunteer activities 
as a necessary criterion to practice sustainable development by protecting the environment and 
caring for the disadvantaged. The compensation of personnel is linked to individual performance 
evaluations and departmental performance to appropriately reflect operating performance or 
results in employee remuneration. Employee compensation will be distributed based on operating 
performance so that employees may share in the Company's operating results.
Encourage teamwork based in agile thinking
The Group established operating performance review guidelines for domestic operations by 
implementing performance review based on the 3 procedures of planning, tracking, and review. 
Business targets are established at the beginning of each year and incentive events such as war 
reports or honor rankings are held for key businesses at the middle of each year. Execution perfor-
mance is tracked monthly so that departments can offer timely guidance and feedback. At the end 
of each year, teams and individuals are given rewards and bonuses based on execution results; 
additionally, the 4 steps of PDCA are utilized to train employees in agile thinking. Cross-company 
and department integration of resources through teamwork models are encouraged to improve the 
cohesiveness of teams so that hopefully an agile culture of teamwork can be formed to quickly 
address changes in market trends.
Performance
management
Planning
Review
Tracking
Beginning of the year : Set targets
Set KPI for key criteria and 
execute according to each 
business department
Monthly : Follow-up 
management
Review the 
progress and 
performance of 
tasks for further 
guidance and 
follow-up manage-
ment
Year-end : Review
Review and rank 
key criteria for 
commendations or 
further reflection

166
5-2 Talent Retention Measures
To increase the competitive advantage and employees' willingness for long-term employment, attract and retain quality talents 
by offering benefits, and encourage employees to start saving for their retirement, the Company began implementing the 
"employee group annuity insurance" scheme in 2020. Full-time employees who have worked for the Company for more than 6 
months are free to opt in for the insurance. The Company provides a fixed amount of subsidies for insurance premiums. Employ-
ees may claim the annuity benefits upon retirement or collect the value of their insurance policy account in advance when they 
leave the Company. The value of the policy account with company contribution of insurance premiums shall be determined 
based on the employee's number of years of enrollment and the contribution ratio described as follows:
The Bank also started the "Employee Deposit and Employee Shareholding Trust" to provide official employees who have 
served for more than six months with the option of participating in deposit or shareholding trusts starting from 2019. The Bank 
provides a fixed amount of deposit each month. As of the end of 2022, 94% of individuals have participated in the program. 
The Bank deposited a total of NT$90.92 million. We help employees share the Company's growth and the interest derived from 
rising stock prices through long-term shareholding of the Company's shares to strengthen cohesion. When they resign, employ-
ees could withdraw the entire amount invested in their voluntary pension account; whereas the amount that can be withdrawn 
from the mandatory pension account is dependent on employees' number of years in the trust plan:
First Life Insurance appropriates retention benefits for employees each month and purchases group annuity insurance based 
on the preferences of employees to strengthen their economic independence after retirement. As of the end of 2022 a total of 
127 employees participated in the program and we appropriated a total of NT$44.74 million.
First Financial Investment Trust has implemented a long term incentive plan for fund managers that exceeds 1 year. In 
accordance to the "Investment Researcher's Compensation and Penalty Plan", long term performance bonuses would be 
awarded after 2 to 3 years of fund management. The bonus would be given in stages to prevent any loss on the company's 
end after the award of bonuses.
 
We are working to create a happy workplace environment with diversified benefits and comprehensive compensation/bonus 
scheme. We have established incentive schemes to encourage employees to focus on performance and established clear 
avenues of promotion. The selection, evaluation, training and promotion of future management associates and overseas 
management personnel are held at regular intervals as well. Employee attributes, experience and specialties are compiled 
into a database then analyzed to provide a reference for planning the employee's career development. Apart from new 
employees who are recruited as replacements for dismissed and resigned employees, experts and management profession-
als are cultivated internally.We also encourage employees to attend external courses in their spare time. Subsidies are provid-
ed based on their grade and the course. Employees studying finance-related graduate or higher degrees in Taiwan and 
overseas may also apply for up to 3 years of unpaid leave. We endeavor to enhance corporate sustainability by promoting 
lifelong employability among employees.
We encourage internal rotations for talents and increased opportunities for employees to actively arrange and plant their 
personal careers. The Company has strengthened the disclosure of information on internal openings and focused on on-the-job 
training for employees. We also use systematic job rotations to gradually reduce the turnover rate of employees. Our group 
turnover rate was 7.08% at the end of 2022. If those applying for retirement at the age of 65 in accordance with the Labor 
Standards Act are excluded then the turnover rate was 6.03%.Our internal opening fulfillment rate was 70.07% in 2022.
Years of enrollment
Value of the policy account with company contribution of insurance premiums and
contribution ratio (%)
< 3 years
3–6 years
6 years or more
50; Calculated based on the accumulated policy account value of the insurance policy at the time
100; Calculated based on the accumulated policy account value of the insurance policy at the time
Number of years in trust plan
Percentage (%) of amount that can be withdrawn from the mandatory pension account
< 3 years
3–6 years
6 years or more
0
50 (Plus cumulative profit or loss from this)
100 (Plus cumulative profit or loss from this)
0

167
In recent years, we have repeatedly increased the starting salary of new employees with an increment percentage of 6.5%, an 
above average increment when compared to industry peers. The ratio of the minimum salary of entry-level employees to the 
local minimum wage is 1.51:1. We also use transparent and fair promotion and performance evaluation mechanisms to create 
a diversified bonus system to provide the young generation with a fair, transparent, and promising future. The retention rate of 
new employees was 87.12% in 2022. In order to effectively retain ground level employees, the bank has revised the "Rules for 
Employee Promotion" by decreasing the experience threshold for level 3-5 personnel, thereby accelerating their rate of promo-
tion. In order to build an excellent workplace environment and create work life balance for employees, we provide several 
benefits and leave regulations that exceed the minimum benchmark set by the labor law, in the hope of retaining our younger 
employees as well as providing support for them and their families. Pension for retired employees is provided in accordance 
with the Employee Pension Rules and dismissed employees are provided with severance pay and pay in lieu of notice in 
accordance with work rules, so as to cover employees' living costs after retirement or while they seek employment.
●○ Employee Resignations in 2022
End of 2022
Total
258
2.56
25
0.25
283
2.80
350
3.47
82
0.81
432
4.28
9,517
94.27
578
5.72
10,095
100
Number of employees in Taiwan
Percentage (%)
Total
Percentage of total employees (%)
Number of employees overseas
Percentage of total employees (%)
Less
than
30
30–50
years
old
Over
51
years
old
Less
than
30
30–50
years
old
Over
51
years
old
58
0.57
3
0.03
61
0.60
45
0.45
0
0
45
0.45
71
0.70
13
0.13
84
0.83
126
1.25
11
0.11
137
1.36
16
0.16
1
0.01
17
0.17
117
1.16
36
0.36
153
1.52
136
1.35
35
0.35
171
1.69
39
0.39
8
0.08
47
0.47
7.02
7.13
-
-
-
15.3
6.42
1.26
14.21
4.91
3.12
Percentage of employees
of the same gender/age
Item
Year
2022
7.08
6.03
5.92
12,875
10,095
2021
6.96
5.81
5.67
11,708
9,969
2020
7.26
5.89
5.68
2,491
9,849
2019
8.43
7.06
6.82
8,723 
9,565
●○ Overview of employee resignation rate and recruitment cost over the past 4 years
Resignation rate (%) 
Resignation rate (%)–Excluding retirees
Voluntary resignation rate (%)
Average recruitment cost (NT$) 
Total no. of employees
＊：Average recruitment cost = (recruitment expenses for the entire year/number of new employees) + training expenses；The Company organized two 
large-scale recruitment events in 2022, and the adoption of pandemic prevention measures resulted in increased recruitment cost.
Category
Year
2022
70.07
99.40
32.03
2021
79.53
99.29
42.67
2020
84.21
100
58.75
2019
73.84
98.63
37.16
●○ Ratio of open positions filled by internal candidates in past years
Ratio of open positions filled by internal candidates (%)
Ratio of management positions filled by internal candidates (%)
Ratio of non-management positions filled by internal candidates (%)
＊：Ratio of open positions filled by internal candidates = number of internal candidates accepted / open positions 
Total 
no. of 
employ-
ees
Retire-
ment
at 65 
years
Retire-
ment
at 65 
years

168
5-3 Employee Communication and Commitment
To respond to the Company's business development and protect employee rights, regarding the minimum notice period for 
important job changes, the Company complies with the "ILO Indicators of Forced Labour" of the International Labour Organiza-
tion and Taiwan's labor regulations including the "Labor Standards Act", "Employment Service Act", "Act of Gender Equality in 
Employment", and "Middle-aged and Elderly Employment Promotion Act". We specify regulations in the Work Rules and human 
resource management bylaws. In addition, employees must be notified of important work changes as soon as possible. For 
instance, employees must be notified of the establishment of new business units or the re-assignment of personnel due to 
business requirements in writing one week in advance. For the assignment of employees to overseas business locations (includ-
ing branches, offices, and preparatory offices), employees must first be assigned to the relevant domestic units for training and 
given reasonable time to learn about the regulations, culture and lifestyle of the destination country. This will shorten the 
amount of preparation time, reduce the time required for handover, protect employees' labor rights, and reduce operational 
risks.Employment may be terminated in the event of business shut down, transfer of ownership, losses, reduced business, 
change in nature of business or where the employee is clearly unfit for their job. Advance notice must be given in accordance 
with the following rules:(1) 10 days' notice for employees with more than 3 months and less than 1 year of continuous service.
(2) 20 days' notice for employees with 1 –3 years of continuous service.(3) 30 days for employees who have continuously served 
for three years or more.
 
The Group's various companies have conducted employee commitment surveys since 2017. The Company seeks to learn about 
the opinions of employees, their satisfaction of work, approval of the Company, and recommendations on the Company's 
development in order to improve and optimize related business management systems. The results of the Employee Commit-
ment Survey of the Group in the past three years are as follow:
Item
Year
2022
9,375
9,201 
(Male: 3,759/Female: 5,442)
98.14
91.74
92.77
91.04
2021
9,051
8,928
(Male: 3,581/Female: 5,347)
2020
9,053
8,896
(Male: 3,638/Female: 5,258)
98.64
91.03
92.54
90.01
98.27
92.38
93.79
91.43
Number of questionnaires
Recovery rate (%)
Overall commitment (%)
Level of commitment of male employees (%)
Level of commitment of female employees (%)
＊：>90% represents a high degree of professionalism, 80-90% represents a medium degree of professionalism, <80% represents a low degree of
professionalism.
• Company policy and culture (Do you agree with the Company's operating theme of emphasizing laws and regulations, 
ESG, digital development, and customer service quality)
• Work and healthy lifestyle (Is the work environment healthy and safe, are health examinations and health information 
provided regularly)
• Training and development (Are opportunities for comprehensive training, job rotations, and career development 
provided)
• Compensation and benefits (Are you satisfied with the company's benefits related to childbirth and childcare and do you 
believe that performance is linked with rewards)
• Leadership and management (Does your direct supervisor clearly communicate work targets, actively show concern for 
colleagues, and provide timely assistance)
• Relationship with colleagues (Do you find it possible to collaborate with colleagues by providing mutual guidance and 
sharing and establishing harmonious work relationships)
• Participation in volunteer activities  (Do you participate in volunteer activities held by the Company)
• Introduce a mentorship system where senior employees lead and counsel new employees, assisting them with 
familiarizing themselves with work content quickly and implementing timely adjustments based on the starting salary of 
new employees. Provide various benefits and measures that exceed industry peers and have senior executives reinforce 
their concern through visits to decrease the turnover rate of new employees.
• Enhance training for professional competencies and establish transparent talent assignment mechanisms.
• We continue to recruit new employees, implement job rotation, and strengthen orientation training to eventually achieve 
equal job distribution and assist employees in learning different business practices.
• Accelerate talent development and assign employees with high performance and high potential to attend professional 
training courses.
• Added new employee benefit measures, increased expenditure towards employee benefits.
• Organize quarterly employer-employee meetings to enhance the communication channels between managers and 
subordinates.
• Encourage employees to take part in volunteer activities including those that are not organized by the Company.
Main aspects of the
questionnaire
Improvement
mechanisms
Number of returned
questionnaires

169
FFHC subsidiaries provide multiple channels for employee communications and whistle blowing. A positive interactive relation-
ship is maintained and whistle blowers are protected against improper treatment. Apart from personal meetings between 
managers and employees, the employee mailbox and complaints hotline, video conferencing, intranet pages, the bi-weekly 
publication and monthly publication all enable employees to keep track of company developments and communicate and 
report problems to corporate governance.
1. To strengthen the complaint and communication mechanisms of employees and external entities, the Company and 
subsidiary companies have established reporting procedures reviewed and passed by the companies' Board of 
Directors. We also set up hotlines, fax, emails, and other complaint channels and publish them on company 
websites. The internal audit unit/branch audit manager accept complaints and assign cases to units that have 
independent power for investigation based on the nature of the cases to effectively process complaints.
2. The telephone number and e-mail for employee complaints are posted under the "Stakeholder Communications" 
section of our corporate website. The "ESG – Sustainability Report" section also features a stakeholder opinion 
survey that can also be used as a channel for employee communication and complaints.
3. The compliance system at each company requires "the compliance officer should provide improvement suggestions 
for violations of the law or regulations. Where the improvement suggestion is not accepted by the management and 
leads to major losses for the company, a report should be prepared and submitted at once, the supervisors/inde-
pendent directors and Audit Committee notified, and the competent authority informed as well."
4. A range of transparent, equal and convenient complaints channels have been established including the "President's 
Mailbox", "Ideas Mailbox", "Employee Support Hotline", and "Chief Auditor's Mailbox" to ensure complaints are 
handled properly.
5. To facilitate the reporting and handling of sexual harassment cases, "Sexual Harassment Prevention Complaints and 
Disciplinary Regulations" have been formulated and issued at each company along with the telephone, fax and 
e-mail for filing sexual harassment complaints. The above information is posted prominently on the corporate 
website and in the workplace. All employees also undergo training on sexual harassment prevention every year.
6. The Company does not tolerate workplace bullying or harassment by any of the Company's senior executives. If the 
Company receives a report of illegal infringement, discrimination, or harassment, the Company shall assist 
employees in addressing the issue immediately and provide psychological counseling and legal assistance in 
accordance with the Company's internal rules and regulations.
7. A proposal system and themed competitions are used to encourage employee to make suggestions on process 
improvements. A total of 322 employee recommendations were proposed in 2022 including improving the quality of 
services, Improvement of current operations,improvement of automatic services, improvement of operation method-
ology, cost savings, and building a better corporate image. All recommendations were studied closely by the 
relevant departments and 126 of them were eventually accepted.
8. To ensure open communications between the employer and employees, employee suggestions from each depart-
ment are proposed for discussion and communication during the regular "Employer-Employee Meeting" and monthly 
meetings.
9. We conduct employee commitment surveys as channels for them to express opinions. We also formulated improve-
ment mechanisms to follow up on the effectiveness of improvements.
Employee communication, complaint, and whistleblowing channels
• Comprehensive salary adjustments of 4% and average compensation increase of 6.5% for promotions in 2022.
• First Bank evaluated employees under the age of 45 with medium high performance and medium high potential based 
on the results of competency assessments. A total of 34 employees have been reassigned to core businesses. 
• The Company cooperated with external professional institutions in foreign language learning programs and helped 
employees pass foreign language certification tests. As of the end of 2022, 3,069 employees passed English proficiency 
certification tests and 339 employees passed other foreign language proficiency certification tests.
• When promoting local hires, we compile a list of candidates eligible for promotion and provide it as a reference for 
overseas units, thereby helping these units to promote local talents and implement local business strategies. To ensure 
that we offer more competitive salaries to local hires, we regularly review the salary standards for local hires and 
adjust them accordingly as needed by overseas units and based on the economic data of the country where the unit is 
based.
• All companies within the Group have increased maternity leave from 56 to 58 days. Leave for prenatal checkups and 
paternity were increased from 7 to 8 days which is superior to current laws and regulations. Starting in 2023, 2 days of 
"Artificial Insemination Leave" was implemented, allowing female colleagues undergoing invasive treatments due to 
artificial insemination to apply for paid leave.
• Review the differences in the benefits provided by the Company and other financial institutions and increase related 
benefits. The total employee welfare costs in 2022 amounted to NT$17.82 billion, up 2.8% from NT$17.33 billion in 2021.
• All companies hold Employer-Employee Meetings at regular intervals and encourage employees to join the labor union. 
The percentage of employees who are members of the union is 94.22%.
Effectiveness of
improvements

170
5-4 Employee Communication and Commitment
To create a positive work environment, maintain the physical and mental well-being of employees as well as build up passion 
and loyalty of employees, FFHC provides a wide range of employee health management mechanisms and benefits:
＊：Employees refer to full-time employees.
• Health exam for employees and their families
• Health workshops and nutrition management
• Medical clinics and full-time nutritionist
• Abnormal Workload-triggered Diseases 
Prevention Plan
• Human-factor Hazard Prevention Plan
• Maternal Employee Health Protection Plan
• Tobacco-free Workplace, Air Quality Testing 
and Maintenance
• Psychological consultation for
   employees
• Flu vaccinations and cancer
   screening
• Care for hospitalized
   employees
• Marriage, childbirth subsidies
• Subsidy for continuing education at university
• Subsidy for learning foreign language
• Subsidy for professional exam entrance fees
• Subsidy for birthday celebrations, annual 
parties and holiday travel
• Subsidy for funerals
• Subsidy for recreational
   courses and events
• Subsidy for hire of sporting
   venues
• Employee deposit and shareholding trust
• Employee group annuity insurance
• COVID-19 Prevention Insurance and 
subsidies for relevnt supplies
• Salary is not deducted (excluding the first year of new 
employees) for 14 days of personal leave (including leave for 
epidemic prevention care), 30 days of sick leave, and 3 days 
of menstrual leave.
• The number of leave days for weddings, funerals, maternity, 
prenatal checkups, paternity, and miscarriage are superior to 
laws and regulations.
• One day of volunteering leave
• Epidemic prevention quarantine and care leave are included 
into the calculation for 14-days of paid personal leave; 
vaccination leave is included into the calculation for 30-days of 
paid sick leave.
• After approval in 2022, 2 days of "Artificial Insemination Leave" 
was implemented on January 1, 2023 to allow female 
employees who receive invasive treatment due to artificial 
insemination to apply for paid leave.
• Employee guest houses in Beitou, Penghu and Hualien 
• Employee dormitories in Taipei City, New Taipei City, Hsinchu, 
Taichung, Tainan, Kaohsiung and Hengchun
• Subsidies for employee self-improvement 
trips and distribution of gift boxes on the 
three major holidays
• Employee birthdays
• Souvenirs for retired personnel
• Compensation for hospitalization of 
family members and funerals
• Scholarships for employees' children
• COVID-19 Care Pacakage
• Consolation payment for serious illness or injury
• Consolation payment for major disasters
• Consolation payment on the three major holidays 
for retired employees
• Consolation payment for the family of employees 
who passed away
Health management
Various subsidies
Leave regulations that surpass the legal requirement
Employee dormitories and guest houses
Establishment of Employee Welfare Committee
Consolation payments

171
●○ Implementation results of employee welfare measures in 2022
• We encourage employees to build families and raise children. We provide NT$30,000 in marriage allowances and 14 
days of marital leave which is superior to regulations specified in the Labor Standards Act. A total of 202 employees 
applied for the marriage allowance in 2022 which resulted in the issuing of NT$6.06 million.
• Encourage single employees to attend singles matchmaking events organized by external public agencies, government 
approved marriage agencies, and events organized by single employees. A total of 73 employees applied for the subsidy 
in 2022, amounting to the total of NT$87,400.
• We provide a maximum of 44 days of paid tocolysis leave, sick leave, personal leave (superior to the half-salary for sick 
leave and unpaid personal leave specified in the Labor Standards Act), and prenatal checkup leave/paternity leave (8 
days). The use of leave is not included in the annual performance evaluation and does not affect promotions. A total of 
265 people applied for such leave in 2022 and the average duration was 11.5 days.
•FFHC appoints full-time nurses and in-house physicians to provide pregnant employees with related health instructions and 
consulting services.
• We provided pregnant employees with the "First Pregnancy Pack" and adjusted the work environment of pregnant 
employees when assessed as needed.
• In August 2021, the childbirth allowance was increased to "NT$100,000 for the first child and NT$150,000 for all 
subsequent children". In 2022, a total of NT$25.15 million was issued in subsidies resulting in the cumulative total of 1,452 
newborns up till the end of 2022.
• To ensure the safety of pregnant employees commuting to and from work, the Company introduced a “Transportation 
Subsidy for Pregnant Employees” in August 2020. Pregnant employees who need to commute to work by taxi, they may 
apply for this subsidy, and each pregnant employee is entitled to a maximum of NT$10,000. In 2022, this subsidy was 
granted to 43 pregnant employees. Total subsidy of NT$238,000.
• Employees with a miscarriage after being pregnant for less than three months shall be given 7 days of maternity leave. 
This provision is superior to the 5 days of maternity leave for miscarriage after being pregnant for less than 2 months. 
• In 2022, maternity leave for female employees giving birth increased to 58 days (superior to the legal requirement of 56 
days), prenatal checkup leave was increased to 8 days (superior to the legal requirement of 7 days), and paternity leave 
(for non-caretaker employees) also increased to 8 days (superior to the legal requirement of 7 days). A total of 105 
employees throughout the Group applied to leave days superior to the legal requirement in 2022.
• Employees who have given childbirth are gifted with a "First Mommy Bag" along with evaluations of their work environ-
ment and locations to implement adjustments.
• Breastfeeding rooms have been implemented in the headquarters building of First Financial Holding, the Yanping building 
of First Bank, information building, and both Bade and Zhongshan buildings. Each have obtained the Excellent Breastfeed-
ing Room Certification valid for 1 year. A cumulative average of 573 colleagues use the facilities of these buildings each 
month.
• Organize seminars related to breastfeeding in the workplace and childcare - Parent-child attachment relationships and 
infant upbringing, communicating with children as workplace parents, and how to teach according to children's aptitude.
• Provide 14 days of full-salary personal leave (includes 7 days of family care leave, epidemic quarantine and care leave) 
which is superior to laws and regulations. A total of 5,998 employees applied for an average number of 6.2 days of leave 
per employee.
• Encourage children's education by providing employees with education subsidies for children studying from elementary 
school to university, receiving subsidies ranging from NT$500 - NT$5,000. A total of NT$12.28 million was issued in 
subsidies.
• FFHC has signed an agreement with a well-known national chain to provide all employees with discounted daycare service.
• FFHC organized workplace childcare health talks, family reading, and relaxing childcare activities.
• FFHC protects the promotion prospects, performance evaluation, and benefits of employees on unpaid parental leave, 
and offer diversified care and support for employees. In 2022, a total of 145 people applied for unpaid maternity leave 
and the reinstatement rate reached 96.43%; the retention rate one year after reinstatement in 2022 for employees who 
went on unpaid child care leave was 96.12%.
• To help employees take care of both work and family, we implement a family-friendly policy that encourages employees 
to travel and plan leisure activities with their family on their off-days. We launched a “vacation subsidy program” in 2022, 
offering employees a subsidy of NT$5,000 for taking 7 days off, NT$7,500 for taking 10 days off, and NT$10,000 for taking 
14 days off. The Company provided a total of NT$39,765,000 in subsidies in 2022.
• The Company established 20 sports and cultural clubs, which attracted the participation of 1,464 employees and their 
dependents. Various sports and recreational activities (including singing competition, table tennis/tennis/softball 
tournaments, etc.) were organized to promote a healthy, motivated and optimistic workforce. A total of 11,027 people took 
part in these activities in 2022 and the Company provided NT$7,363,000 in subsidies.
• As a means of encouraging employees to take part in volunteering activities, the Company continued to adopt the 
volunteer leave system in 2022, which allows employees to earn points and redeem them for one day of volunteering 
leave (3 points). In total, 2 employees are qualified to redeem points for one day of volunteering.
• Retired employees enjoy group insurance benefits with the same preferential rates as current employees. In addition to 
organizing regular socializing activities each year, we also invite retired employees to participate in sports, cultural, and 
health activities organized by the Group ( singing contents tennis/softball tournament, etc.) to continue to care about the 
life and physical and mental health of retired employees.
• Retired employees may apply to use the dormitories in Hualien and Penghu as well as the reception center in Beitou.
• Due to the impact of COVID-19 on stationed personnel overseas, full-salary quarantine leave is given to employees during 
their period of quarantine isolation. If stationed personnel are transferred or return to their station and are given public 
leave for self-health management, the number of airfare ticket subsidies and annual leave days unused for family visitation 
in 2021 may be deferred for use in 2022 along with subsidies for epidemic prevention hotel fees in Taiwan.
• In order to boost epidemic prevention, all employees shall receive subsidies of NT$3,500 (same below) in an epidemic 
prevention fund for the purpose of obtaining epidemic insurance, vaccine insurance, and testing fees.
   1. A total of 7,877 employees obtained insurance through the policy for a total amount of NT$4,166,399.
   2. A total of 888 employees applied for vaccine insurance for a total of NT$415,228.
   3. A total of 3,152 employees applied for testing fees for a total of NT$2,984,986.
   "Stay-at-Home Epidemic Prevention Pack": Employees who have tested positive for COVID-19 are provided with NT$1,600 
for procurement. In 2022, a total of 3,777 received a total of NT$5,964,803 in subsidies; additionally, each employee 
received a rapid testing kit subsidy of NT$500.
Childbirth and childcare benefits
Leisure and care measures
Marriage
Pregnancy
Childbirth
Childcare
(Family care leave
/personal leave)
Vacation subsidies
Sports and recreational activities
Volunteering leave
Care measures
Disease prevention and care
Breast-
feeding

172
Category
Year
2022
331,939
306,310
19,576
2021
290,930
334,556
17,883
2020
317,994
327,151
18,798
2019
274,071
352,208
16,514
●○ FFHC Pension Contribution Plans in Past Years
New Pension System
Old Pension System
Overseas personnel
Unit: NT$1,000
2022
Total no. of
employees
on parental
leave
Total - 
Total - 
Grand Total
285
373
658
2022
No. of
applicants
for child
care leave
122
23
145
117
23
140
114
21
135
91
12
103
97.44
91.30
96.43
95.60
100
96.12
87
12
99
●○ Statistics on applicants for child care leave in 2022
Reinstatement rate (%)
Retention rate (%)
●○ Statistics on rate of reinstatement and retention in past years
Item
Year
Total
2022
97.44
95.60
96.43
96.12
91.30
100
Total
2021
85.19
83.33
85.95
82.95
92.31
80.00
Total
2020
87.64
89.19
87.88
90.00
90.00
100.00
Total
2019
85.54
92.31
87.10
91.95
100.00
88.89
Please refer to page 330~331 of the Company's 2022 Annual Report for
detailed information on the pension contribution plan and contribution status
Formulate corresponding 
plans
Discuss major occupation-
al accidents and health 
risk issues and formulated 
annual health promotion
plans in meetings of the 
Occupational Safety and 
Health Committee
02
Evaluate health hazards
Review and evaluate 
the impact of the 
Company's business 
activities and work 
environment on 
occupational safety and 
health
01
Management procedures to identify employee health
hazards and occupational health and safety
2022
No. of returning 
employees 
expected
(A)
2022 No. of 
actual 
returning 
employees
(B)
Reinstate-
ment rate 
(%)
(B/A)
Retention 
rate
(%)
 (D/C)
2021 No. of 
actual 
returning 
employees
(C)
2022 No. of employ-
ees who returned from 
child care leave and 
stayed for at least 1 
year (D)

173
6-1 Occupational Safety and Health Risk Management Map
To effectively protect employees' safety and health, we evaluated employees' health risks based on important indicators such 
as the nature of work, work environment, health examination results, age distribution, and the four plans for workplace health 
promotion (abnormal work load, human factors, maternity, and illegal infringement). We identified 9 employee health issues 
and produced the following employee health issue risk map based on the probability of occurrence and level of impact on 
the Company's operations.      
5 Matters of medium-high occurrence rate/impact level according to the 2022 health risk map were listed as health risks 
requiring management. Of these risks, obesity, cardiovascular disease, cancer, accidental injury, and work-related stress are 
medium to high risk factors. First Financial Holding establishes various prevention plans and mitigation measures that manage 
and follow-up on varying degrees of risk levels to effectively decrease the occurrence of occupational accidents and health 
hazards as well as assist employees with solving problems at work, home, and relating to their health. This supports employees 
to work safely and boost the organization's performance.
Occupational safety and health
GRI：403-1、403-2、403-3、403-4、403-5、403-6、403-8、403-9、403-10
2022 Health Issue Risk Map
Impact on Company Operations
Low
High
High
• Obesity
• Cardiovascular disease
• Accidents and injuries 
• Mental stress
• Cancer
• Infectious disease
• Vision
• Food Safety
• Overwork
Supervise and implement 
plans
Implementation of 
occupational safety and 
health measures, system 
certification, and training, 
and follow up on the 
implementation status
03
Performance assessment 
and improvement
Analyze and review results 
to adjust the mitigation 
measures. Assign in-house
physicians and nurses for 
follow-up management
and provide health 
instructions.
04
Medium
Medium
Probability

174
1. Health Check: We provide regular physical health examinations superior to regulatory requirements and provide 
subsidies for health examinations for senior executives, overseas personnel, night shift personnel, and catering 
personnel each year. We provide other employees with health examinations at partner hospitals every two years. 
Full-time nurses and in-house physicians actively notify employees with irregularities in their health examination results 
to receive further check-ups at hospitals. They provide employees with healthcare instructions and recommendations 
for improvements and follow up on their improvement status. Employee health examinations were held in 2022 to 
achieve an examination rate of 98.34% for a total of 7,286 employees. Also, 126 senior executive completed health 
examinations and received subsidies totaling approximately NT$24.71 million.
2. Abnormal Workload-triggered Diseases Prevention Plan: Evaluation is performed once a month by completing the 
table of abnormal workload risk identification and evaluation. Employees are screened to determine their risk rating 
based on personal risk factors. High-risk employees are provided with telephone interviews and healthcare instruc-
tions by the in-house physician. Staff nurses send out e-mails with relevant health information to moderate-to-low-risk 
employees and notify their supervisors to provide appropriate assistance. 13 high-risk employees and 326 moder-
ate-to-low-risk employees were identified in 2022.
3. Human-factor Hazard Prevention Plan: Conduct an annual assessment for employees suspected of musculoskeletal 
symptoms and draw up a tracking table. The in-house physician learns about the reasons of symptoms in individual 
cases, provide suitable recommendations for improvement, and regularly follows up on the improvement status 
through the telephone. In 2022, 128 employees were suspected of having human-factor hazards they made improve-
ments with the assistance of the in-house physician.
4. Maternal Employee Health Protection Plan: Female employees, upon learning of their pregnancy and those 
reinstated within one year of childbirth, jointly fill out the "Health Risk Assessment Form for Pregnant/Postpartum 
Employees" with their manager to assess the impact on maternal health due to work.. In 2022, 185 pregnant 
employees were included in the Maternal Employee Health Protection Plan and medical personnel completed risk 
assessment and confirmation in 350 cases through the telephone or onsite interviews. They provided related health 
education information for the pregnancy and postpartum periods and informed employees of related information such 
as childbirth subsidies and benefits.
5. Prevention of Illegal Infringement at Work Plan: Senior executives have signed the "Declaration to Prevent Illegal 
Infringement in the Workplace" while new and current employees undergo training programs to prevent illegal 
infringement in the workplace. The probability of illegal infringement occurring both internally and externally in the 
workplace is decreased through measures such as configuring safe work environments, appropriate allocation of 
manpower, and providing information on stress relief as well as free mental health consultations. Furthermore, the 
representatives of both labor and management established the “Illegal Infringement Complaint Investigation Team” 
to investigate cases of illegal infringement, implementing the concept of preventing illegal infringement in the 
workplace. "Stalking and Harassment Prevention" was included in 2022 to protect the occupational safety of victims 
suffering from stalking and harassment.
The employee health risk prevention plans in 2022 are as follows :
If the Company receives a report of illegal infringement, the Company shall assist employees in addressing the issue immedi-
ately and actively provide psychological counseling and legal assistance in accordance with the Company's internal rules and 
regulations based on the physical and mental state of the employees. Perpetrators in such cases shall be penalized in 
accordance with related regulations and they shall be transferred from their original positions to prevent further contact with 
the victims. The Company shall provide the victims with the necessary assistance and support, and arrange psychological 
counseling services, peer support, rehabilitation or leave, or adjustments in work to provide support and encouragement. The 
Company's medical staff shall provide follow-up care and we hire lawyers to provide assistance for civil cases to claim 
compensation for damages and process related litigation.
Item
Year
2022
0
2021
2
2020
0
2019
0
●○ Statistical table on related illegal infringement complaints in past years
Illegal infringement (number of cases)
Set up suitable
workplaces and
assign personnel
02
Establish the code of
conduct and 
procedures for 
processing
03
The Investigation
Team completes
investigation report
within 1 month
04
Performance
assessment 
and improve-
ment
05
Prevention of Illegal Infringement at Work Plan Implementation Process
Identify and
assess
hazards
01

175
●○ 2022 employee health risk mitigation measures and effectiveness:
Health
risk
Our Company operates an employee cafeteria with professional nutritionists retained to design a 
menu low in salt and fat. We also have arrangements with organic vegetable farmers to supply 
fresh and healthy cuisine with Food Traceability certification. Each dish is labeled with its calorie 
count and the total calorie count of each meal is kept between 600–800 Kcal to take care of 
employees' dietary health. The average number of diners each day in 2022 was 1,037.
A total of 202 employees were diagnosed with a >15% risk of contracting cardiovascular disease 
within 10 years according to health screening results. Phone interviews with health professionals were 
provided, in addition to health measures and tracking such as regular medical counseling through 
email. The company has also set up a health page on its website to provide health care information.
We reminded employees to pay close attention to safety and traffic conditions on their commutes 
and official travel. They must be careful when walking at the workplace and should not run or use 
their mobile phones when walking. They must pay attention to their surroundings to avoid slipping 
and must hold hand rails and step carefully when going up or down the stairs to avoid accidents.
• Commissioned Teacher Chang Foundation to assist employees with identifying and solving 
issues that affect their personal work performance, such as: Physical and mental stress, adapting 
to the workplace, children's upbringing, and more. A total of 127 employees received consulta-
tion services in 2022.
• Employees can find relevant information at the "Mental Consultation Services Zone" on the 
internal website.
• Commissioned Teacher Chang Foundation to conduct 5 mental health seminars, including "Crisis 
as Opportunity: Communication and Handling of Conflict in the Workplace", "Have Your 
Employees Disappeared? Depression in the Workplace and Suicide Prevention", "Overcome 
Nights of Counting Sheep: Sleep Disorders", "Tranquility in the Body and Mind - Emotions and 
Mental Health", "Love Out Loud: Family Conflicts and Positive Communication"
• Invited professionals to host stress-relieving seminars such as "Positive Thinking" and "Stress 
Relief Through Music" to boost employee awareness of healthy stress relief and relevant skills.
We provided employees with consolation fund for serious illness or injuries (26 applicants in 2022). 
We also set up a "Family Association" and encouraged employees to support and share their 
healthcare experiences with each other. For individual patients, health professionals made phone 
calls to check up on seriously ill or injured employees and provide professional healthcare 
information. 317 expressions of support were conducted during 2022.
E-newsletters were issued to deliver health information on the prevention and treatment of 
infectious diseases such as tuberculosis and on seasonal infectious diseases such as influenza and 
flu-like illnesses. We also set up the "COVID-19" section on the internal website to provide 
employees with the latest COVID-19 disease prevention information.
• Maintain cleanliness of the workplace environment with periodic cleaning and disinfection and 
increase the number of disinfections when necessary.
• Provide employees with necessary protective equipment such as transparent separation boards, 
visors, face masks, and disinfectants. 
Based on the health examination results, if the workplace has employees who contracted infectious 
disease, dedicated nursing professionals were invited to provide disease health education at the 
workplace to improve employees' understanding of the disease and prevention methods.
Invited a professional doctor to host a talk on "COVID-19" to boost employee's awareness in 
protecting their personal health.
Invited a professional doctor to host the talk "Love Your Lungs (Lung Cancer)" to increase 
employee awareness of their own health risks.
As of the end of 2022, we have installed AEDs in 61 business sites to protect employees and 
customers, and received the "AED Safe Workplaces Certification".
Mitigation/
Prevention Measures
Organized
health
promotion
activities
Nutrition
Management
Individual
guidance by
health
professionals
Installation of
automated
external
defibrillator (AED)
Organized
health talks
Organized talks
Issued
e-newsletter to
provide health
care information
Protective
measures
Organized talks
On-site service
by nursing
personnel
Provided support
mechanisms for
serious illness or
injury and severe
disasters
Appointed the 
"Teacher Chang
Foundation" to
provide employees
with psychological
consultation
＊：While infectious disease is not listed as a medium to high level risk factor that requires management, the Company continues to promote mitigation 
measures and disclose their effectiveness in consideration of the ongoing cases of COVID-19.
• Organized a 7-month "Join Together, Place Health and Fitness First" campaign. The event 
allowed participation as individuals or groups and anticipated that forming teams could improve 
employee cohesion and togetherness to reinforce each other's motivation and enhance the 
benefits of weight loss. A total of 1,914 employees registered for the event, with 1,804 employ-
ees reporting their weight upon completion. A total of 50 groups participated to collectively lose 
4,598.87 kg; the greatest amount of weight loss for an individual was 26 kg; the highest average 
weight loss in the groups was 10.47 kg per person.
• Organized 3 health promotion seminars (conducted through the 3 major directions of diet, 
knowledge, and exercise) by inviting nutritionists, doctors, and physical therapists to speak. A 
total of 157 employees attended the seminars.
Infectious disease
Cancer
Mental stress
Accidents
and injuries
Obesity
Cardiovascular
disease
1. Increased 
awareness 
through internal 
official documents
2. Enhanced 
occupational 
hazard reporting
Effectiveness

176
6-2 Workplace Safety
1. Implementation of OSH-related Activities and Training
To prevent occupational injuries as well as protect the safety and health of employees, the Company has established an 
"Occupational Safety and Health Committee" (OSH Committee) in accordance with the "Occupational Safety and Health Act", 
"Enforcement Rules of the Occupational Safety and Health Act", and the "Management Guidelines for Occupational Safety and 
Health". The committee will have 7 members comprising of the employer, labor representative and department manager, with 
3 members, or 43% coming from the labor union. Conduct quarterly meetings to review various health related issues, preven-
tion of illness and health promotion matters, occupational hazards reports and others. Pay attention to employee health and 
workplace safety issues, in addition to the regular tracking of the progress of implementing items agreed upon in the meeting 
such as: safeguarding public safety in the workplace, tracking and management of employee health, supervision of safety and 
hygiene, and other measures beneficial to improving workplace safety and hygiene management
●○ The Company's occupational health and safety management system
Item
Details of internal audit:
• The 2022 compliance audit found no matters requiring improvement as the occupational health and 
safety management in all departments are compliant with regulatory requirements.
• The 2022 ISO 45001 internal audit found that personnel supervising occupational health and safety 
needed to complete on-the-job training by the end of 2022. At the time of audit, many personnel had 
yet to complete training due to the fact that the Bank was coordinating with the Bankers Association to 
arrange and conduct on-the-job training for occupational safety licenses; this oversight was rectified in 
December (on-the-job training programs were completed in December).
By using the Occupational Safety and Health Act and PDCA management cycle as framework, the Company 
adopts different communication channels and conducts questionnaire surveys through automatic inspection 
programs, health examination programs for all employess, and four major programs for mental and 
physical health protection, to identify safety risks that might occur in various operating procedures, contents, 
and environment. Risk maps showing the health of employees are also analyzed.
In 2022, evaluations showed that medium high risk factors were obesity, cardiovascular disease, accidental 
injuries(traffic accidents), mental stress, and cancer.
To achieve 70% outpatient visits for those with serious health issues shown on medical check-up reports; 
achieved actual outpatient visit rate of 73.2%.
To obtain healthy workplace certification for 61 business locations
To educate employees and raise their awareness on occupational safety and health from time to time
The Company adopts a performance management system (KPI) to regularly evaluate the occupational 
safety and health management performance of supervisors in charge of a business unit’s occupational 
safety and health (OSH supervisor).
The Occupational Safety and Health Committee performs quarterly follow-up on the company's perfor-
mance in addressing occupational safety and health issues.
Compliance audits are held during the first and second half of each year, an ISO 45001 internal audit is 
held once each year.
• For the Occupational Safety and Health Committee, the President appoints the Vice President of a 
business group to oversee committee operations
• Type of meetings: Routine, face-to-face employer-employee meetings
• Meeting frequency: Quarterly
• Meeting content: Review, coordinate, and give advice on safety and health-related matters
• Participants: Occupational Safety and Health Committee members(including department heads and 
labor representatives), persons in charge of occupational safety and health management, and health 
professionals who provide health services, etc.
Description
Compliance
Audit
Audit Content
Auditors
Audit Month
Compliance to legal and other 
requirements
Department managers, deputy 
managers not involved in the 
supervision of occupational health 
and safety
Each June and 
December
ISO 45001
Audit
Operating procedures, guidelines, 
and execution related to ISO 
management systems.
Auditors with ISO 45001 internal 
auditor licenses
Completed in Q3 of 
each year (before 
external audit)
Organization
Risk
identification
Target setting
Supervision
mechanisms
Internal/
External audit
Performance-linked
remuneration

177
In addition, the performance evaluation of OSH supervisors is correlated with their performance in supervising occupational 
safety and health management and is included in their annual performance evaluations. Their remuneration and job perfor-
mance are highly correlated.
Applicability
KPI
Calculation Formula (scoring criteri)
• Unsatisfactory (＜60%): Half of the KPIs in the semi-annual evaluation have not been 
completed or there are major deficiencies that cannot be corrected immediately, 
thus posing risk of immediate labor inspection and punishment.
• Correction needed (61%-74%): Half of the KPIs in the semi-annual evaluation have not 
been completed but can be corrected immediately before labor inspections.
• Meet expectation (75%-84%): All of the KPIs in the semi-annual evaluation have been 
completed and although there are minor deficiencies but they can be corrected 
immediately.
• Exceed expectation (85%-94%): All of the KPIs in the semi-annual evaluation have been 
completed and were almost faultless.
• Outstanding performance (＞95%): All of the KPIs in the semi-annual evaluation have 
been completed and were completely faultless, and the individual is able to 
actively provide suggestions on corrections.
Performance
in
supervising
occupational
safety and
health
management
OSH
supervisor
All business units have appointed an OSH supervisor, first-aid personnel and fire-prevention manager to protect the safety and 
health of business units. Certified personnel are also dispatched to receive on-the-job training in accordance with the frequency 
specified in regulations to keep their OSH knowledge up to date. A continuous workplace safety and health inspection plan is 
also practiced to build an accident-free workplace.
●○ Statistics on Occupational Safety and Health Committee meetings in the past 4 years
No. of meetings
Proposals
Item
Year
2022
4
6
2021
4
8
2020
5
9
2019
4
10
●○ Statistical Compilations of Occupational Safety and Hygiene Related Training for the last 4 years
Number of Trainees and Training Hours for
Workplace Safety and Hygiene Managers
Item
Year
2022
35  /1,087＊
50 / 582
2021
702 / 5,205
9 / 108
2020
29 / 645
693 / 4,314
2019
728 / 7,309
93 / 1,116
640 / 2,375
19 / 342
33 / 594
625 / 2,640
22 / 33
44 / 66
29 / 645
3 hours of OSH in-service training over 3 years
50 / 179
Number of Trainees and Training Hours for Fire
Hazard Prevention Management
Number of Trainees and Training Hours for
Emergency Rescue
Number of Trainees and Training Hours for
ISO 45001 Management Systems
General employee
＊：Supervisor training for occupational health and safety is conducted once every two years which was the reason there were fewer participants in 2022 
and 2020.

178
2. Improvement of the "ISO 45001 Safety and Health Management System"
To ensure the safety and health of employees, we obtained the Healthy Workplace Certification 
(Health Initiation Mark and Health Promotion Mark) through the evaluation of the Health Promotion 
Administration, Ministry of Health and Welfare. In 2018, we incorporated ISO 45001 - Environmental 
Management System guidelines at the FFHC Headquarters building.The President is committed to 
becoming a signatory to the occupational safety and health policy, and this commitment is 
announced on the company’s Intranet.The Plan-Do-Check-Act (PDCA) management approach is 
adopted to strengthen various management measures.The scope was expanded to include the 
following: Support and participation by leaders, collection and planning of internal and external 
issues, needs and expectations of stakeholders, establishment and evaluation of risk identification 
procedures, consultation and communication with non-management personnel, application of perfor-
mance indicators, and evaluation of the effectiveness of corrective and preventive measures. 
Meanwhile, through management review, internal audit, automatic inspection, safety and health 
inspection, and other mechanisms, we identify safety concerns and opportunities for correction to 
ensure that the spirit of such system is effectively implemented across management.This system has 
been certified by the British Standards Institute (BSI) and applies to all business units in Taiwan, 
including employees who work in the company’s head office building and contractors. In 2022, the 
Company continues to make improvement and ensure that the certificate is valid. We practice 
occupational safety and health management by using a systematic management mechanism, such 
as revising and adopting relevant procedural documents, identifying and continuously improving 
workplace safety and health hazards, and performing management reviews and safety and health 
inspections. Our objective is to provide a safe and health work environment where employees are 
protected from accidents and occupational illnesses.
3. Safety Protection
The FFHC Headquarters building has a defense corps and emergency SOP in place. A vice 
president serves as the corps commander while the heads of the Human Resource Division and 
General Administration serve as deputy commanders. There is also one chief director and one 
director, who oversee the Control Center and five teams, these being the Engineering Team, Protec-
tion Team, Supply Team, Medical Team and Firefighting Team. Each team has a team captain, a 
deputy captain and several team members (assigned as necessary). In the event of an emergency, 
they can take the necessary response measures at any time to protect the safety of employees and 
property in the FFHC headquarters building.
4. Comprehensive Insurance Plan
In addition to labor insurance and national health insurance as required by law, the Bank also 
provides group policy at discounted rates to employees for accident, injury, hospital stay and 
cancer. The insurance plan is open to employees, their dependents and retired personnel. A total of 
16,192 people were enrolled in 2022; First Securities, First Life Insurance, First Financial AMC, and 
First Securities Investment Trust also provide group insurance for employees. A total of 1,709 employ-
ees were insured at a cost of NT$ 5,036,000. First Bank personnel stationed overseas are not only 
covered by local group medical insurance but can also enroll in the International SOS for emergency 
medical assistance. Half of the cost is borne by the company to meet emergency medical needs.

179
5. Occupational Injuries
Aside from complying with the "Incident Reporting Guidelines" to immediately report employees who have suffered accidental 
injury due to work or in the workplace, follow-up for accidents in the workplace must be conducted by the supervising depart-
ment of occupational health and safety, the general affairs maintenance and repair department, the department supervisor of 
where the incident occurred, and a labor representative who must visit the incident site together to investigate, understand, 
and analyze the reason for disaster to plan preventative measures; once rectification is complete, records should be 
maintained for future follow-up. Support and assistance should be provided to employees as soon as possible to minimize 
injuries and apply for labor insurance claims or provide injury leave based on actual conditions. A total of 54 employees 
applied for injury leave in 2022; 0 employees suffered from occupational diseases; a total of 17 employees (including dispatch 
and security personnel) suffered from occupational accidents.
＊：The occupational accidents include falling incidents, inappropriate actions, and traffic accidents.
Gender
Female
Male
Total
42
12
54
992
193
1,185
0.70
0.30
0.53
82.68
24.08
58.90
3.50
1.50
2.69
11,411.09
4,501.34
15,912.43
0.76
0.45
0.63
82.68
24.08
58.90
●○ Overview of occupational injuries in 2022:
Occupational injury rate%
Absenteeism rate %
●○ Occupational Injuries and absences in past years
Gender
Year
Total
2022
0.70
0.76
0.53
0.63
0.30
0.45
Total
2021
0.62
0.36
0.66
0.55
0.73
0.84
Total
2020
0.47
0.73
0.43
0.69
0.36
0.63
Total
2019
0.58
0.66
0.49
0.54
0.37
0.36
4. Disabling Injury Frequency Rate (FR): Based on the 
total number of disabling injuries during the period in 
question. Disabling Injury Frequency Rate is  calculat-
ed as the total number of disabling injuries for every 
million work hours (to two decimal places). The 
formula is as follows:
5. Disabling Injury Severity Rate (SR): Based on the total number of days 
lost due to disabling injuries during the period in question. Disabling 
Injury Severity Rate is calculated as on the total number of days lost 
due to disabling injury for every million work hours (to nearest integer). 
The formula is as follows:
6. Absence Rate Number of absence days (injury + sick (including extended sick leave) + menstrual leave)/total number of working days. The 2022 
increase in absence rate is primarily due to an increase in the number of employees who contracted cancer and applied for extended sick leave as 
well as employees who took sick leave due to COVID-19.
7. Atypical employees (including temporary workers and security staff) are excluded because the nature of their work is different from that of full-time 
employees.
8. Recordable occupational injury rate = 17 employees recorded with occupational injuries/
   total number of working hours 20,109,240 hours *1,000,000 = 0.85.
Disabling Injury Frequency Rate (FR) = Frequency of disabling injuries (persons) x 106
Total hours worked
Disabling Injury Severity Rate (SR) ＝
Total number of days lost x 106
Total hours worked
Report to the 
emergency center 
and immediately 
transfer for treatment 
or other actions
02
Representatives from 
occupational safety, 
general affairs, and labor 
visit site to investigate 
reason for occurrence
03
Visit employee to 
offer condolences, 
assist with filing for 
labor insurance 
claims
04
Evaluation and 
improvement of 
work environ-
ments
05
Execution Process for Employees Suffering from Injury Leave
Employees 
injured due to 
work
01
Number of 
people on 
occupational 
injury leave
Number of 
days of 
occupational 
injury leave
Occupation-
al injury 
rate % (＊1)
Number of 
days absent
(excluding 
leave )
Lost day 
rate 
% (＊2)
Disabling 
injury 
frequency 
rate % (FR,＊4)
Severity of 
disabling 
injuries rate % 
(SR,＊5)
Absenteeism 
rate 
% (＊6)
＊：
1. Occupational injury rate: Number of people on occupational injury leave
2. Lost day rate: Days of occupational injury leave/ Work hours * 1,000,000
3. Total work hours:：20,109,240 hours

180

181

182

183

184

185
Applicable Criteria :
FN-CF-220a.1
Number of account holders whose information is used for secondary purposes：Refers to the first point in the technical 
protocol of SASB FN-CF-220a.1, and in accordance with the statistics on the First Financial Holding Co., Ltd.’s (hereinafter 
referred to as the “FFHC”) system parameters, as of December 31, 2022, the total number of customers using customer data 
for secondary purposes has been accumulated.
Applicable Criteria :
FN-CF-230a.2
Refers to the first, second and third points in the technical protocol of SASB FN-CF-230a.2, statistics on the amount of fraud/s-
cam losses related to the type of non-presenting and presenting physical credit cards in 2022.
Applicable Criteria : 
FN-CF-220a.2
Refers to the first point in the technical protocol of SASB FN-CF-220a.2, the statistics on financial losses arising from legal 
proceedings due to customer privacy disputes in 2022.
FN-CF-230a.1、FN-CB-230a.1
• Number of data breaches：Refers to the first point in the technical protocol of FN-CF-230a.1 and  FN-CB-230a.1, and 
based on FFHC’s Information Security Incident Management Regulations, the total number of data breaches that occurred 
in 2022.
• Percentage involving personally identifiable information (PII)：Refers to the second point in the technical protocol of SASB 
FN-CF-230a.1 and FN-CB-230a.1, and based on FFHC’s Information Security Incident Management Regulations, the 
percentage of data breaches involving personally identifiable information in 2022.
• Number of account holders affected：Refers to the third point in the technical protocol of SASB FN-CF-230a.1 and 
FN-CB-230a.1, and based on FFHC’s Information Security Incident Management Regulations, the total number of account 
holders affected by the data breaches involving personally identifiable information that occurred in 2022.
Subject Matter Information :
Approximately 3.4 million (36.93%) entries of customer data were used for the second time (e.g., marketing or improvement 
of product/service quality) without violation of related laws and regulations or agreements signed with customers.
Subject Matter Information :
In 2022, First Bank was penalized by the competent authority for 1 case of data and personal information leak (for details, 
refer to appendix: Sustainable Operating Index) resulting in 1 customer being affected and a fine of NT$50,000. The matter 
has been appropriately handled by strengthening employee training.
＊：The scope of information statistical disclosure hereunder covers FFHC and all its subsidiaries.
＊：
• The financial losses hereunder are subject to the penalty cases published on the website of the competent authority.
• The litigation hereunder are subject to the penalty cases as published on the website of the competent authority.
• The information leakage hereunder is based on whether it is leaked outside the FFHC, and the information leakage behavior does not comply with 
the FFHC’s relevant regulations on confidentiality and information security management.
• Number of data leakage events: 1 case; ratio of incidents involving personally identifiable information to the total number of data leakage incidents: 
100%; Number of customers affected by data leakage incidents: 1 person.
Appendix A: Summary of Subject Matters Assured
No. 1
Pg. 83
No. 2,3
Pg. 83
Subject Matter Information :
On Page 208 Table “Credit card fraud”, Fraud number and Loss amount of (Non-)presenting a physical credit card.
＊：The loss number hereunder is the same as the refund amount.
No. 4
Pg. 208

186
The Company and its subsidiaries has enacted Personal Data protection policy or guidance in accordance with 
relevant regulations of “Personal Data Protection Act”, “The Safety Management Regulation of Personal Data Document 
held by Non-Government Agencies Designated by the Financial Supervisory Commission”, “UK General Data Protection 
Regulation (UK GDPR)” and “EU General Data Protection Regulation (EU GDPR)”.
Set up relevant Company personnel's rights to access Personal Data collected, processed, used when performing 
duties, management their contact of these Personal Data and agree with these personnel on their confidential 
obligations to strictly forbidden disclosure of Personal Data or customer's data.
＊: Include employees of the Company, temp worker sent by the temp agency and appointed institution which has appointment 
relationship with the Company and personnel of such institution.
Subject Matter Information :
Contents of report P78~82 chapter on information security and privacy protections:
• FFHC established the “Personal Data Protection and Management Committee”, which the President is the chairman 
to be in charge of promoting and supervising the operation of Personal Data protection and management system, 
and established the “Personal Data Incident Response Team” in order to effectively respond to and handle Personal 
Data incidents which is inspected externally by accountants every year.
• To announce confidentiality measures for customers' information on the front pages of the companies of the Group’s 
websites and specify the range and measures of confidentiality to each confidential documents (including paper and 
electronic documents), diagrams, messages, computer programs, media or objects.
• When Personal Data is stolen, tampered with, damaged, lost, leak or when there's other major Personal Data 
security incident, the Risk Management Department and the Compliance Department shall be notified and the 
Financial Supervisory Commission shall be notified within 72 hours of such incident.
• Conduct periodical training to employees, in 2022 the Group has conducted Personal Information Protection Act 
training, GDPR and customer privacy training and other related trainings to all employees, the total number of 
employees trained is 10,145 and the total hours trained is 6,515.5 hours, the completion rate is 100%.
• Shall at least inspect Personal Data protection policy once a year in order to keep up with latest governmental laws 
and regulations, rules of industries, information technologies and business development of the Company.
No. 5
Pg. 78~82
Disclosure
Elements
Corresponding Report Contents
Privacy/
Personal
Information
Policy
Scope of
Privacy/
Personal
Information
Protection
• Include Personal Data breach information security risks as newly arisen risks, establish main risk identification, 
evaluation, risk reducing measures, supervision and management procedures and report newly arisen risks of the 
year to the President.
• Stated that all subsidiaries shall include Personal Data protection procedure into their internal control system, hold 
self-check periodically and audit units shall conduct checking for Personal Data protection.
Internal
Controls for
Privacy/
Personal 
nformation
• The Information Management and Information Safety Policy was revised and approved by the board of directors in 
2022＊ to provide guidelines for the management of information operations in compliance with the characteristics of 
each industry for the Company and its subsidiaries.
    ＊: In May 2022, the Guidance for Information Management Policy was renamed to Information Management and Security Policy. 
• In order to strengthen the information operating systems, network equipment, and data security of the Company and 
its subsidiaries, the Rules for Managing Information Operations was established to reinforce internal control functions 
and comply with the laws and regulations of information management. In response to the Bankers Association's 
requirements on controls for internet-of-things (IoT) equipment, the Rules for Managing Information Operations 
includes provisions on the use and security guidelines of IoT equipment. 
• In order to immediately knew the efficiency of handling information security incidents, the Company has enacted the 
“Information Security Incidents Report Operation Rules” for companies of the Group to follow, the procedure to 
handle information security incidents is stated as follows:
   Step 1: Report：When the Company or its subsidiary has an information security incident, it shall report immediately, 
and the Company's point of contact shall immediately register after it received such report. 
   Step 2: Determine the level：When department being the point of contact receives a report, it shall report to 
relevant supervisors according to the level of incidents.
   Step 3: Enforce：Responsive measures Unit where the incident occurred shall enforce relevant responsive measures 
and recover plans and report back to the Company on the process and outcome of handling.
   Step 4: follow-up and close：The department in charge of being the point of contact shall follow-up on each 
improvement measure and review whether or not the recovery plan is sufficient, in order to close the case.
Information
Security
Policy
Except that the domestic units of First Bank shall follow EU General Data Protection Regulation (EU GDPR) and relevant 
regulations, other overseas branches shall also follow regulations policies of competent authorities of each country (for 
example: UK General Data Protection Regulation (UK GDPR)) and in order to request employees to follow Personal Data 
Protection Act, the breach of Personal Data has been included into deduct items of business units’ evaluation and person-
al punishment will be made according to the degree of seriousness of the violations.
Personal
Information
Management
of Overseas
Branches
Guidelines
and
Measures
for
Privacy/
Personal
Information

187
Disclosure
Elements
Corresponding Report Contents
• We established an IT Development Committee with the president of FFHC as the chairperson. Committee members 
include vice presidents, the head of the Information Technology Department, presidents of subsidiaries, and vice 
presidents responsible for IT operations (or managers with an expertise in IT). The IT Development Committee is 
convened regularly to discuss and review IT development, IT security and management issues at each subsidiary.
• In order to comprehensively improve digital financial business and information security management efficiency, the 
Company has hired two Ph.D.s with backgrounds in computer science and information management as directors and 
set up a Chief Information Security Officer, which is assumed by the former director of the National Center for Cyber 
Security Technology of Executive Yuan and deputy director of the CyberTrust Technology Institute of the Institute for 
Information Industry. It is in charge of the Information Technology Department and is responsible for the planning, 
establishment, promotion and management of the Group’s information systems and information security control 
measures, as well as the sharing and integration of related resources.
• FFHC has set up a Chief Information Security Officer in 2022. First Bank and First Securities have set up Chief 
Information Security Officers in 2021 and 2022 respectively. All were assumed at Vice President level
• The Digital Security Division of First Bank has set up an “Information Security Advisory Team”, which has recruited two 
external information security experts from academia as members of the team. The team provides decision-making 
advice for information security framework, development blueprint planning, major information security incidents and 
information security implementation.
• In 2022, the “Computer Information Security Incident Response Team” was established and the “Computer Informa-
tion Security Incident Response Team Establishment Guideline of First Financial Holding Co. Ltd.” was enacted.
• In 2022, the Company enacted the “Computer Information Security Incident Response Team Establishment Guideline 
of First Financial Holding Co. Ltd.” and established the “Computer Information Security Incident Response Team”, 
which appointed the Information Security Officer of the Company to be the convener, the head of the Information 
Technology Department of the Company to be the vice convener, the information security supervisors of the 
Information Security Section of the Information Technology Department, the Information Planning Section of the 
Information Technology Department and the subsidiaries to be the Team member, and divide the Team into five 
groups to be receptively in charge of responding, handling, contacting externally and safety managing information 
security incidents.
Information
Security
Management
Unit
• To comply with the authority’s rules, banks, securities, investment trust and life insurance subsidiaries have included 
the overall implementation of information security in 2022 into the internal control system statement, and such 
companies’ chief information security officer or the supervisor
• The Internal Control System contains detailed rules and manuals for information security/online security risks, 
including application system operations management, hardware and environment management, network manage-
ment, webpage management, e-mail security management, computer user access rights management, disaster 
recovery procedures, subsidiary supervision and computer file preservation, storage and processing principles.
Information
Security
Internal
Control
• First Bank has cooperated with the Financial Information Sharing and Analysis Center (F-ISAC) in evaluating the 
Cybersecurity Assessment Tool (CAT), and has produced the F-ISAC Taiwan’s version of cybersecurity maturity 
assessment.
• First Bank, First Securities, FSITC and First Life Insurance have all introduced the ISO 27001 information security 
management system. First Bank and First Life Insurance also have acquired BS 10012 Personal Data Management 
System certification and First Bank has already imported ISO 20000 IT Service Management System and enhanced 
the effectiveness of information operation and information management through third party independent external 
institution’s inspection and review.
• First Bank’s Digital Security Division has established a KPI for adding two international information security licenses 
each year. First Securities also set up a management goal that all personnel of information security units shall 
acquire information security licenses, and this goal has been accomplished for three years in a row.
• To enhance information security resilience, First Bank continues to purchase the "information system illegal conduct 
insurance" to mitigate the financial losses of the penetration of the system.
• It also appoints an independent third party to conduct information security evaluations, examine the completeness 
and appropriateness of existing control measures for the overall computer system, and uncover potential information 
security threats and vulnerabilities.
Information
Security
Governance
Maturity
• To ensure the security of the IT operating system, network, and data, and ensure continuity of operations, the 
Company established the "IT Operating Management Guidelines" and "Guidelines for Disaster Recovery Plan" which 
serve as the basis for emergency response for IT operations. The Company executes disaster recovery drills every six 
months.
• The Company enhanced information security education to prevent malicious programs from penetrating the 
Company's information system through social engineering. First Bank, First Securities, First Securities Investment Trust 
and First Life Insurance organized 2-4 social engineering drills irregularly within the scope of security monitoring for 
all employees.
• The occurrence of information security hazards causing the Company or its subsidiaries to be severely punished by 
the competent authority are listed as annual performance appraisal indicators for employees.
Information
Security
Drills
No. 5
Pg. 78~82

188
Applicable Criteria :
FN-CF-230a.3、FN-CB-230a.2
Refers to the first to seventh points in the technical protocol of SASB FN-CF-230a.3 and FN-CB-230a.2, we confirm and clarify 
the information security management policy and structure of FFHC, and protect and identify methods of information 
security-related risks.
No. 6
Pg. 164
Applicable Criteria :
FN-CF-270a.1
Refers to the first and second points in the technical protocol of SASB FN-CF-270a.1, the total number of fixed salaries and 
variable salaries of employees of FFHC and all its subsidiaries are counted in 2022, and used to calculate the ratio of variable 
salaries to total salaries.
Subject Matter Information :
Based on statistics, the salaries of the Group’s employees and their performance in the sale of sustainable finance products 
showed a correlation of 28.1% in 2022, which suggests a strong link between employees’ salaries and the Group’s sustain-
ability strategy and also reflects employees’ job performance and fairness in such assessment.
＊：The fixed salaries hereunder include basic salaries, meal allowances, year-end and holiday bonuses, and the salaries not included hereunder are 
calculated as variable salaries.
No. 7
Pg. 208
Applicable Criteria :
FN-CF-270a.2
Refers to the first and second points in the technical protocol of SASB FN-CF-270a.2, the approval rate and statistical applica-
tion of loan and credit approval rate is counted separately on the basis of credit risk level, and counted the overall loan and 
credit card approval rate after credit risk assessment.
Subject Matter Information :
On Page 208 Table “Indicators of loan and credit card products - distinguished by credit risks”, Approval rate of Loan and 
Credit card of each risk level customers.
＊：
• Pre-paid card products are not provided by First Bank. Therefore, in accordance with “Key Points of Credit Rating of First Bank’s Consumption 
Amount” and “Credit Card Application Scorecard Development Manual”, risks of loan and credit card application are distinguished, and the 
approval rate and overall approval rate are counted.
• Classification of Credit Risk: low risk means credit rating 1 to 9 of the consumer finance application; high risk means credit rating 10 to 13 of the 
consumer finance application.
• Classification of Credit Card Risk: low risk means credit rating 1 to 8 of the credit card application; high risk means credit rating 9 to 13 of the credit 
card application.
＊：
• First Bank does not have any additional product charges due to credit risk.
• The data of average annual interest rate, average account term and average number of account held hereunder is distinguished in accordance with 
First Bank’s internal credit card risk related rating methods.
• Pre-paid card products are not provided by First Bank. Therefore, in accordance with “Key Points of Credit Rating of First Bank’s Consumption 
Amount” and “Credit Card Application Scorecard Development Manual”, risks of loan and credit card application and related data are distinguished 
and counted.
• Classification of Credit Risk: low risk means credit rating 1 to 9 of the consumer finance application; high risk means credit rating 10 to 13 of the 
consumer finance application.
• Classification of Credit Card Risk: low risk means credit rating 1 to 8 of the credit card application; high risk means credit rating 9 to 13 of the credit 
card application.
No. 8
Pg. 208
Applicable Criteria :
FN-CF-270a.3
• Average fees from add-on products for customers with FICO scores above and below 660：Refers to the first point in the 
technical protocol of SASB FN-CF-270a.3, review First Bank’s additional product fees due to credit risks.
• Average APR, average age of accounts and average number of trade lines for customers with FICO scores above and 
below 660：Refers to the second, third and fourth points in the technical protocol of SASB FN-CF-270a.3, for loan and 
credit card products, the average annual interest rate, average account term and average number of account held are 
distinguished and counted in accordance with credit risks.
• Average annual fees for pre-paid products for customers with FICO scores above and below 660：Refers to the fifth point 
in the technical protocol of SASB FN-CF-270a.3, review First Bank’s annual fees for holding pre-paid products.
Subject Matter Information :
On Page 208 Table “Indicators of loan and credit card products - distinguished by credit risks”, Interest rate, Average 
account terms and Average number of accounts held of Loan and Credit card of each risk level customers.
No. 5
Pg. 78~82

189
Applicable Criteria :
FN-CF-270a.4
• Number of complaints filed with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB)：Refers to the first point in the technical 
protocol of SASB FN-CF-270a.4, statistics on the number of customer complaints filed by the competent authority of FFHC 
in 2022.
• Percentage with monetary or non-monetary relief：Refers to the second point in the technical protocol of SASB 
FN-CF-270a.4, statistics on the percentage of all FFHC’s customer complaints filed by the competent authority through 
monetary or non-monetary mediation in 2022.
• Percentage disputed by consumer：Refers to the third point in the technical protocol of SASB FN-CF-270a.4, statistics on 
the percentage of all FFHC’s client complaints filed by the competent authority that failed the mediation in 2022.
• Percentage that resulted in investigation by the CFPB：Refers to the fourth point in the technical protocol of SASB 
FN-CF-270a.4, statistics on the percentage of all FFHC’s customer complaints filed by the competent authority that entered 
into the Financial Ombudsman Institution in 2022.
Subject Matter Information :
In 2022,the total number of customer complaint cases received through all kind of channels is......, among which the number 
of cases through competent authorities is 183 (Appendix: sustainable operation indicators),……
＊：The information sources of the competent authority hereunder are mainly based on the filing records of the complaint cases archived by the FFHC, 
except for the statistics on the complaint cases of the Financial Ombudsman Institution and FSC Banking Bureau.
Applicable Criteria :
FN-CF-270a.5
Refers to the first point in the technical protocol of SASB FN-CF-270a.5, inventory of FFHC’s sanction cases and litigations 
related to product sales and services that have been counted by the competent authority.
Subject Matter Information :
In 2022, the Group had 6 sanctions by competent authorities and lawsuits related to product sales and services, with a total 
loss of NT$2.53 million (see appendix for details: sustainable operation indicators), the Group has improved the relevant 
deficiencies and added relevant control mechanisms, effectively enhancing the protection of consumers’ rights and interests.
＊：
• The sanction cases counted by the competent authority hereunder are consistent with the description of the sanction cases issued by the FSC 
Insurance Bureau.
• The amount of property damage hereunder does not include the financial loss of the case being accepted.
No. 10
Pg. 92
Applicable Criteria :
FN-CF-000.A
Refers to SASB’s activity metric FN-CF-000.A, statistics on the total number of customers with valid credit cards held by First Bank 
as of December 31, 2022.
Subject Matter Information :
In 2022, the total number of valid credit card customers of First Bank was 691,301.
＊：Pre-paid card products are not provided by First Bank.
No. 11
Pg. 73
Applicable Criteria :
FN-CF-000.B
Refers to SASB’s activity metric FN-CF-000.B, statistics on the number of credit cards in circulation with valid credit cards held 
by First Bank as of December 31, 2022.
Subject Matter Information :
In 2022, the total number of valid credit card customers of First Bank…, and the number of cards in circulation reached 
1,499,813.
＊：
• Pre-paid card products are not provided by First Bank.
• The number of credit cards in circulation hereunder is consistent with the relevant statistical data of the Banking Bureau.
No. 12
Pg. 73
No. 9
Pg. 93

190
No. 13
Pg. 72,75
Applicable Criteria :
FN-CB-240a.1
Refers to the first point in the technical protocol of SASB FN-CB-240a.1, the number of loans and outstanding loans amount 
qualified to programs designed to promote small business made by First Bank as of December 31, 2022.
Subject Matter Information :
• The table on P.72 of the report details the amount and number of landowners that benefited in 2022 through the 
Self-managed urban renewal and the reconstruction of dangerous and old buildings and Developer-consolidated urban 
renewal and the reconstructions of dangerous and old building projects.
• The table on P.75 of the report :For small scale enterprises  ....... Additionally, enterprises are provided with a maximum 
quota of NT$ 3.222 billion and total of 4,845 small scale enterprises customers.
＊：A small business is defined as a micro or small enterprise, which means that the enterprise meets one of the following criteria: has been 
established or less than five years, employs fewer than 20 employees, registered capital is less than NT$5 million, or annual revenue is less than NT$10 
million.
No. 14
Pg. 139
Applicable Criteria :
FN-CB-240a.4
Refers to the first and second points in the technical protocol of SASB FN-CB-240a.4, statistics on the total number of customer 
engagements in providing financial education for the unbanked, underbanked, or underserved customer group in 2022.
Subject Matter Information :
On Page 139 Table “Provide financial education to disadvantaged groups and in remote regions and surrounding areas”.
＊：The definition of group hereunder includes disadvantaged groups and in remote regions and surrounding areas as defined by the competent 
authority.
No. 15
Pg. 61
Applicable Criteria :
FN-CB-410a.2
Refers to the technical protocol of SASB FN-CB-410a.2, the percentage of credit process that incorporate ESG factors as of 
December 31, 2022.
Subject Matter Information :
As of December 31,2022, ESG has been included in the loan decision review process for 100% of enterprise credit loans with 
a total of 11 cases that received "conditional approval" (e.g.: loan amount decrease or increased interest rates) or "rejected" 
due to ESG risk factors, ......:
＊：The definition of group hereunder includes disadvantaged groups and rural areas as defined by the competent authority.
No. 16
Pg. 91
Applicable Criteria :
FN-CB-510a.1
Refers to the first point in the technical protocol of SASB FN-CB-510a.1, the total amount of monetary losses incurred in 2022 
as a result of legal proceedings associated with fraud, insider trading, anti-trust, anti-competitive behavior, market manipula-
tion, malpractice, or other related financial industry laws or regulations.
Subject Matter Information :
In 2022, the Company had no financial losses resulting from litigation involving fraud, insider trading, antitrust, anti-competi-
tive behavior, market manipulation, corruption, or other violations of financial industry laws and regulations.
＊：The financial losses hereunder are subject to the statistics of penalty cases published on the website of the competent authority.

191
Subject Matter Information :
The whistleblower system and procedures in page 90~91 Table “Whistleblower System, Process, and Results” in Chapter 
“Ethical corporate management execution status”：
No. 17
Pg. 90~91
The "Corporate Governance - Rules of Governance" on the website of the Company discloses the Rules of Implement-
ing a Whistleblower System that has been reviewed and passed by the board of directors. Our subsidiaries all 
established a whistleblower system that was reviewed and passed by their respective Board of Directors.
The Company set up a "Whistleblower Area" in the "Stakeholder Communications" section on our official website and 
provides whistleblowing channels via telephone, email, and mail.
Whistleblowing
Channels
Any individual who discovers that a Company employee is suspected of crime, fraud, or law violation may submit a 
whistleblowing report to the receiving unit by stating their real name, contact method, the specific incident, and 
supplementary evidence through written notice such as mail and email; whistleblowing can also be conducted by 
phone or personally recounting the incident. The receiving unit must establish records stating the details of each 
incident, real names, and contact methods.
Whistleblowing
Methods
The Whistleblowing Review Committee ("the Committee") reviews all whistleblowing cases and determines if they 
will be accepted.
The Committee may decide not to accept whistleblowing reports if it falls under any of the following circumstances:
• The whistleblower has not provided his/her real name and contact information. However, in cases where the 
content of the whistleblowing report is specific and there are verifiable materials, it still can be processed with 
care and discretion.
• The whistleblower report does not fall under Article 3 as an accepted category of the implementation rules or is 
unrelated to the execution of business.
• The whistleblowing report is obviously made with malicious intent, is obviously false, or has no substantial content.
• The whistleblower was requested to provide or supplement the evidence materials within a certain period of 
time. However, the whistleblower failed to do so, which hindered the investigation.
• The reported matter is regarded as the same as a case that has already been investigated to completion, and 
the whistleblower has failed to present new facts or new evidence.
• The reported matter has been investigated by relevant judicial agencies, or is already under investigation by a 
court of law, or has been subject to non-prosecution or deferred prosecution, or has already received a verdict 
therein.
Case
Acceptance
Principles
The Company's legal compliance department and internal audit/unit/supervisor are responsible for handling 
whistleblower cases.
1. The Committee approves acceptance of a case: The report should be registered confidentially and separate 
investigations should be established based on the contents and category of each report. The Investigation Panel is 
required to produce an investigation report within thirty days from the day after receipt. The investigation report 
shall be sent to the receiving unit within thirty days after the report is completed; this deadline may be extended if 
necessary.
Case Handling
Procedures
2. Investigation Method: Based on the necessity of the case, telephone, written review, or interviews should be 
performed. When an investigation is conducted, related units shall cooperate with the investigation and provide 
necessary documents and data. The information involving related parties in the reported contents and the data or 
information they provide must be kept strictly confidential and may not be leaked. The Investigation Panel may give 
the reported person an opportunity to make a statement verbally or in writing, which shall, in principle, be 
processed in a non-public manner.
3. Recusal in Conflicts of Interest: During the process of processing, investigating, deliberating, reviewing and 
reporting the whistleblowing reports, any person who has interests in individual whistleblower reports or other 
persons that may affect a fair investigation shall recuse themselves.
4. Notifying the Results of Investigation: The receiving unit shall update the whistleblower on the status of the 
investigation in writing or by other means within ten days after the investigation report is completed and approved. 
Where the whistleblowing report is transferred to a subsidiary for processing, the said subsidiary shall notify the 
whistleblower and submit a copy to the Company. The receiving unit shall send the investigation result to the head 
of the responsible unit of the reported person, and the unit head shall inform the reported person and take 
corrective action. If the reported person is the chairman, its supervisors/independent directors shall be notified.
5. Follow-up Actions: Where a whistleblowing report is verified to be true or with an audit opinion, the inspected 
unit and the Company shall report it at the next month's board of directors meeting or the next board of directors 
meeting, submit it to the Company’s dedicated unit (Ethical Management Committee) for future reference, and 
comply with the following procedures:
• Related units shall be assigned to review the internal control system and operating procedures, propose 
improvement measures. A copy shall be submitted to the audit unit.
• The audit unit shall include the whistleblowing report in the most recent business audit items.
Major incidents or illegal cases shall be referred to or reported to the Company and relevant authorities in 
accordance with the “FFHC Incident Reporting Guidelines” and “First Financial Group Compliance Notification 
Guidelines”.
Receiving unit
Disclosure
Elements
Corresponding Report Contents
Whistleblowing 
Policy

＊：
• The financial losses hereunder are subject to the penalty cases published on the website of the competent authority.
• The information leakage hereunder is based on whether it is leaked outside the FFHC, and the information leakage behavior does not comply with 
the FFHC’s relevant regulations on confidentiality and information security management.
• Number of data breaches:1 case; percentage involving personally identifiable information(PII): 100%; Number of customers affected: 1 person.
192
No. 17
Pg. 90~91
No. 18
Pg. 209
6. Incentive Measures: To encourage reports on illegal and unethical conduct, if a report is verified as true in an 
investigation, the Company shall grant a reward based on the severity of the reported violation. Where a whistleblow-
er files a false report or a malicious accusation, the whistleblower shall be processed in accordance with related HR 
management rules.
7. Record Retention: Documentation of case acceptance, investigation processes, and investigation results shall be 
retained in complete written format or digital files for at least five years. In the event of litigation related to the 
whistleblowing case before the retention period expires, the documentation shall continue to be retained until the 
conclusion of the litigation.
Case
Handling
Procedures
＊：Regulations hereunder are include the whistleblowing policy, receiving unit, whistleblowing channels, whistleblowing method, case acceptance 
principles, and case procedures.
Applicable Criteria :
FN-CB-510a.2
Refers to the first point in the technical protocol of SASB FN-CB-510a.2, the company’s policies, and procedures for disclosing 
whistle-blower systems are based on the "Whistleblower System Implementation Rules” applicable for 2022 of FFHC.
Applicable Criteria :
FN-CB-000.A
Refers to SASB’s activity metric FN-CB-000.A, the number and value of checking and savings accounts of First Bank by personal 
and small business as of December 31, 2022.
Subject Matter Information :
The table "Number of Accounts and Balance for Deposits and Loans of personal, Small Enterprises, and Enterprises" on P.209 
of the report provides details on the number of deposit accounts and total value of personal and small enterprises at First Bank 
as of December 31, 2022.
No. 19
Pg. 209
Applicable Criteria :
FN-CB-000.B
Refers to SASB’s activity metric FN-CB-000.B, the number and value of loans of First Bank by personal, small business and 
corporate as of December 31, 2022.
Subject Matter Information :
The table "Number of Accounts and Balance for Deposits and Loans of personal, Small Enterprises, and Enterprises" on P.209 
of the report provides details on the number of deposit accounts and total value of personal, small enterprises, and enterprises 
at First Bank as of December 31, 2022.
No. 20
Pg. 83
Applicable Criteria :
Sustainability disclosure metrics (Appendix: Table 1-3, Number 1) in Article 4-1 of the Taiwan Stock Exchange Corporation Rules 
Governing the Preparation and Filing of Sustainability Reports by TWSE Listed Companies
By referencing the sustainability disclosure metrics (Appendix: Table 1-3, Number 1) in Article 4, Paragraph1 of the Taiwan 
Stock Exchange Corporation Rules Governing the Preparation and Filing of Sustainability Reports by TWSE Listed Companies. 
Compilation of the number of information leakage incidents, the number of leakage incidents relating to personal data, and 
the number of customers affected by data breaches at FFHC in 2022.
Subject Matter Information :
In 2022, First Bank was penalized by the competent authority for 1 case of data and personal information leak (for details, 
refer to appendix: Sustainable Operating Index) resulting in 1 customer being affected and a fine of NT$50,000. The matter 
has been appropriately handled by strengthening employee training.

193
No. 21
Pg. 72,75
Applicable Criteria :
Sustainability disclosure metrics (Appendix: Table 1-3, Number 2) in Article 4-1 of the Taiwan Stock Exchange Corporation Rules 
Governing the Preparation and Filing of Sustainability Reports by TWSE Listed Companies
By referencing the sustainability disclosure metrics (Appendix: Table 1-3, Number 2) in Article 4, Paragraph1 of the Taiwan 
Stock Exchange Corporation Rules Governing the Preparation and Filing of Sustainability Reports by TWSE Listed Companies. 
Compilation of the number of loans and outstanding loans amount to promote small business and community development 
undertaken by FFHC in 2022.
Subject Matter Information :
• The table on P.72 of the report details the amount and number of landowners that benefited in 2022 through the 
Self-managed urban renewal and the reconstruction of dangerous and old buildings and Developer-consolidated urban 
renewal and the reconstructions of dangerous and old building projects.
• The table on P.75 of the report :For small scale enterprises  ....... Additionally, enterprises are provided with a maximum 
quota of NT$ 3.222 billion and total of 4,845 small scale enterprises customers.
＊：A small business is defined as a micro or small enterprise, which means that the enterprise meets one of the following criteria: has been 
established or less than five years, employs fewer than 20 employees, registered capital is less than NT$5 million, or annual revenue is less than NT$10 
million.
No. 22
Pg. 139
Applicable Criteria :
Sustainability disclosure metrics (Appendix: Table 1-3, Number 3) in Article 4-1 of the Taiwan Stock Exchange Corporation Rules 
Governing the Preparation and Filing of Sustainability Reports by TWSE Listed Companies
By referencing the sustainability disclosure metrics (Appendix: Table 1-3, Number 3) in Article 4, Paragraph1 of the Taiwan 
Stock Exchange Corporation Rules Governing the Preparation and Filing of Sustainability Reports by TWSE Listed Companies. 
Compilation of the number of participants for financial education provided to disadvantaged groups that lack banking services 
by FFHC in 2022.
Subject Matter Information :
Table "Provide financial education to disadvantaged groups and in remote regions and surrounding areas " in P.139 of the 
report.
＊：The definition of the group hereunder includes disadvantaged groups and in remote regions and surrounding areas as defined by the competent 
authority.
No. 23
Pg. 68
Applicable Criteria :
Sustainability disclosure metrics (Appendix: Table 1-3, Number 4) in Article 4, Paragraph1 of the Taiwan Stock Exchange Corpo-
ration Rules Governing the Preparation and Filing of Sustainability Reports by TWSE Listed Companies.
By referencing the sustainability disclosure metrics (Appendix: Table 1-3, Number 4) in Article 4, Paragraph1 of the Taiwan 
Stock Exchange Corporation Rules Governing the Preparation and Filing of Sustainability Reports by TWSE Listed Companies. 
Compilation of products and services designed to generate environmental or social benefits by the business divisions of First 
Bank and First Venture Capital in 2022.
Subject Matter Information :
The "[Corporate Finance] - ESG-related products and their respective proportions " table on P.68 of the report discloses the 
amount of ESG products and their ratio at First Bank and First Venture Capital
＊：The financial businesses encompassed in this scope include First Bank and First Venture Capital.

Various Certifications
194

195

196
2-1
2-2
2-3
2-4
2-5
2-6
2-9
2-10
2-7
2-8
Activities, value chain and other business relationships
Employees
Workers who are not employees
Governance structure and composition
Nomination and selection of the highest governance body
Chair of the highest governance body
Organizational details
Entities included in the organization’s sustainability reportin
Reporting period, frequency and contact point
Restatements of information
External assurance
P2
P2
P2~3
P2
P3
P84
P87
P87
P86
P86
P87~88
P4~5
P47
P90~91
P45
P22~41
P97~103
P90~91
P97~103
P88
P22~41
P47
P87~88
P151, P164~167
P10~11
P153~157
P154~155
P84~87
P42
P125~127
GRI 2
Description
Pg.
1. Organization and reporting
2. Activities and workers
3. Governance
4. Strategy, policies and practice
2-14
2-15
2-17
2-18
Role of the highest governance body in sustainability reporting
Conflicts of interest
Communication of critical concerns
Collective knowledge of the highest governance body
Evaluation of the performance of the highest governance body
Remuneration policies
Process to determine remuneration
Annual total compensation ratio
Statement on sustainable development strategy
Policy commitments
Embedding policy commitments
Processes to remediate negative impacts
Compliance with laws and regulations
Membership associations
Mechanisms for seeking advice and raising concerns
2-19
2-20
2-21
2-22
2-23
2-24
2-25
2-26
2-27
2-28
Report information
Diverse Talent Recruitment and
Skills Cultivation
Corporate Governance
Corporate Governance
Sustainable Governance
Operation Mechanisms
Corporate Governance
Sustainable Development Goals
Risk Management and
Continuous Operation
Corporate Governance
Chairman’s Message
Ethical Management and
Fair Customer Treatment
Risk Management and Continuous Operation
Business Performance
Corporate Governance
Talent Retention and
Accessibility Benefits
Sustainable Development Goals
Prevention of Money Laundering,
Financial Fraud and Terrorism Financing
Ethical Management and Fair
Customer Treatment
Prevention of Money Laundering,
Financial Fraud and Terrorism Financing
Business Performance
Sustainable Procurement and
Supplier Management
Chapter
Index Table of 2022 Global Reporting Initiative (GRI)
Statement of use
First Financial Holding publishes the 2022 Sustainability Report in accordance with the GRI
guidelines, and the scope of data and information is from January 1 to December 31, 2022.
Our corporate chairman
is Ms.Ye-Chin Chiou /
President is Ms. Fen-Len Chen
2-16
Role of the highest governance body in overseeing the
management of impacts
2-12
2-13
Delegation of responsibility for managing impacts
2-11
GRI 1: Foundation 2021
None
GRI version used
GRI Industry Code Statement
GRI 
Disclosure 
Number

197
2-29
2-30
Approach to stakeholder engagement
Collective bargaining agreements
P14~21
P153
5.  Stakeholder engagement
Stakeholder Communication and
Materiality Analysis
Protections for Human Rights and
Gender Equality
3-1
3-2
Process to determine material topics
List of material topics
Management of material topics
3-3
P14~21
P14~17
P22~41
P170~172
P151, P164,
P167
P154~155, P157
P68~74
P128~132
P68~74
P110
P134~136
P126
P46
P89
P91
P95~96
P96
P116
P116
P112~120
P117~122
P117
P65~66
P106~111
Stakeholder Communication and
Materiality Analysis
Sustainable Development Goals
GRI 3：Material Topics 2021
GRI 201:
Economic
performance
GRI 202:
Market
Presence
GRI 203:
Indirect
economic
impacts
GRI 204:
Procurement
practices
GRI 205:
Anti-corruption
GRI 207:
Tax 2019
GRI 302:
Energy
Direct economic value generated and distributed
P44
P88
P68~74
P137
Series
Description
Disclosure
201-1
Financial implications and other risks and
opportunities due to climate change
201-2
Ratios of standard entry level wage by gender
compared to local minimum wage
202-1
203-1
Proportion of senior management hired from
the local community
Infrastructure investments and services supported
203-2
Significant indirect economic impacts
204-1
Proportion of spending on local suppliers
205-1
205-2
205-3
207-1
207-2
Operations assessed for risks related to corruption
Communication and training about anti-corruption
policies and procedures
Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken
Approach to tax
Tax governance, control, and risk management
207-3
Stakeholder engagement and management of
concerns related to tax
207-4
Country-by-country reporting
302-1
302-2
302-3
302-4
302-5
Energy consumption within the organization
Energy consumption outside of the organization
Energy intensity
Reduction of energy consumption
202-2
Defined benefit plan obligations and other
retirement plans
Financial assistance received from government
201-3
201-4
Pg.
Business Performance
Corporate Governance
ESG Products and Services
Social Impact
Responsible Finance
Climate Strategy and Management
Protections for Human Rights and
Gender Equality
Diverse Talent Recruitment and
Skills Cultivation
ESG Products and Services
Digital Innovation and
Inclusiveness
ESG Products and Services
Climate Strategy and Management
Social Impact
Talent Retention and
Accessibility Benefits
None
Sustainable Procurement and
Supplier Management
Tax Governance
Climate Action
Risk Management and
Continuous Operation
Ethical Management and
Fair Customer Treatment
Chapter
Topic-Specific Standards
GRI 200: Economic Topics (With the exception of GRI 207 which is the 2019 version, the other GRI standards are based on
the 2016 version)
GRI 300: Environmental Topics 2016
Description
Pg.
Chapter
GRI 
Disclosure 
Number
Description
Pg.
Chapter
GRI 
Disclosure 
Number
Reductions in the energy requirements of products
and services

198
GRI 305:
Emissions
GRI 308:
Supplier
environmental
assessment
GRI 401:
Employment
GRI 402:
Labor/
Management
relations
GRI 403:
Occupational
Health and
Safety 
GRI 404:
Training and
education
GRI 406:
Non-discrimination
GRI 407:
Freedom of
association and
collective bargaining
GRI 405:
Diversity and
equal
opportunity
Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions
Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions
Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions
GHG emissions intensity
Reduction of GHG emissions
Nitrogen oxides (NOx), sulfur oxides (SOx), and
other significant air emissions
P116
P114~116
P115
P125~127
P168
P176~178
P172~173
P173~179
P125~127
P178
P151
P146~149
P147
P125~127
P146~149
P179
P163
P158~163
P87~88
P164~165
P84~85
P154~157
P173~174, P179
P170~172
P157
P166~167
305-1
305-2
305-3
305-4
305-5
New suppliers that were screened using
environmental criteria
308-1
New employee hires and employee turnover
Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not
provided to temporary or part-time employees
401-1
Minimum notice periods regarding operational
changes
Occupational health and safety management system
Hazard identification, risk assessment, and incident
investigation
Occupational health services
Worker training on occupational health and safety
Promotion of worker health
Worker participation, consultation, and
communication on occupational health and safety
402-1
403-4
403-5
403-6
Prevention and mitigation of occupational health and
safety impacts directly linked by business relationships
403-7
Workers covered by an occupational health and safety
management system
Work-related injuries
Work-related ill health
403-8
403-9
403-10
Average hours of training per year per employee
Programs for upgrading employee skills and
transition assistance programs
404-1
404-2
Percentage of employees receiving regular
performance and career development reviews
404-3
Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women
to men
405-2
Incidents of discrimination and corrective actions taken
406-1
GRI 410:
Security 
practices
Security personnel trained in human rights
policies or procedures
410-1
Operations and suppliers in which the right to
freedom of association and collective bargaining
may be at risk
407-1
Diversity of governance bodies and employees
405-1
403-1
403-2
403-3
Parental leave
401-3
401-2
305-7
Negative environmental impacts in the supply
chain and actions taken
308-2
Climate Action
Sustainable Procurement and
Supplier Management
Talent Retention and
Accessibility Benefits
Protections for Human Rights and
Gender Equality
Occupational Safety and Health
Sustainable Procurement and
Supplier Management
Protections for Human Rights and
Gender Equality
Protections for Human Rights and
Gender Equality
Occupational Safety and Health
Diverse Talent Recruitment and
Skills Cultivation
Talent Retention and
Accessibility Benefits
Corporate Governance
Diverse Talent Recruitment and
Skills Cultivation
Corporate Governance
Diverse Talent Recruitment and
Skills Cultivation
Sustainable Procurement and
Supplier Management
Protections for Human Rights and
Gender Equality
Diverse Talent Recruitment and
Skills Cultivation
Talent Retention and Accessibility Benefits
GRI 300: Environmental Topics 2016
GRI 400: Social Topics (With the exception of GRI 403 which is the 2018 version, the other GRI standards are based on
the 2016 version)
Series
Description
Disclosure
Pg.
Chapter

199
Sustainable Procurement and
Supplier Management
NA
Information Security and
Privacy Protection
Responsible Finance
Ethical Management and
Fair Customer Treatment
GRI 414:
Supplier social
assessment
GRI 415:
Public policy
GRI 417:
Marketing
and labeling
GRI 418:
Customer privacy
New suppliers that were screened using social
criteria
P126~127
P67
P92
P83
P95
P48~49
P56
P68~77
P110
P50~51
P57~67
P68~77
P125~127
P57~67
P68~77
P124
P68, P71
P94
P68~77
P128~133
P134~137
P75~77
P92
P139~141
P94
P76~77
139~141
414-1
Political contributions
Incidents of non-compliance concerning 
marketing communications
Substantiated complaints concerning breaches
of customer privacy and losses of customer data
415-1
Requirements for product and service information
and labeling
Incidents of non-compliance concerning product and
service information and labeling
417-1
417-2
417-3
418-1
Negative social impacts in the supply chain and
actions taken
414-2
GRI 400: Social Topics (With the exception of GRI 403 which is the 2018 version, the other GRI standards are based on
the 2016 version)
Distribution Table of Indicators Disclosed by the GRI for Financial Service Industries
Index
Description
Pg.
Chapter
Tax Governance 
Risk Management and
Continuous Operation
Responsible Finance
ESG Products and Services
Climate Strategy and Management
Risk Management and
Continuous Operation
Responsible Finance
ESG Products and Services
Sustainable Procurement and
Supplier Management
Responsible Finance
ESG Products and Services
Aspect: Product Portfolio
Aspect: Active ownership
Aspect: Local communities
FS1/DMA
Policies with specific environmental and social components
applied to business lines
FS2/DMA
Procedures for assessing and screening environmental and
social risks in business lines
FS3/DMA
Processes for monitoring clients' implementation of and
compliance with environmental and social requirements
included in agreements or transactions
Climate Action
ESG Products and Services
Digital Innovation 
and Inclusiveness
Social Impact
ESG Products and Services
Ethical Management and
Fair Customer Treatment
ESG Products and Services
Ethical Management and
Fair Customer Treatment
Social Impact
Ethical Management and
Fair Customer Treatment
ESG Products and Services
Social Impact
FS4/DMA
Processes for improving staff competency to implement the
environmental and social policies and procedures as
applied to business lines
FS7
Monetary value of products and services designed to deliver
a specific social benefit for each business line broken down
by purpose 
FS8
Monetary value of products and services designed to deliver
a specific environmental benefit for each business line broken
down by purpose
FS11
Percentage of assets subject to positive and negative
environmental or social screening
FS14
Initiatives to improve access to financial services for
disadvantaged people
FS16/DMA
Initiatives to enhance financial literacy by type of beneficiary
FS15/DMA
Policies for fair design and sale of financial products
and services
Series
Description
Disclosure
Pg.
Chapter

200
United Nations Global Compact Principles
Principle 1: Businesses should support and respect the
protection of internationally proclaimed human rights
Principle 4: The elimination of all forms of forced and
compulsory labor
Principle 5: The effective abolition of child labor
Principle 6: The elimination of discrimination in respect
of employment and occupation
Principle 2: Make sure that they are not complicit in
human rights abuses.
Principle 7: Businesses should support a precautionary
approach to environmental challenges
Principle 8: Undertake initiatives to promote greater
environmental responsibility
Principle 9: Encourage the development and diffusion
of environmentally friendly technologies.
Principle 10: Businesses should work against corruption in
all its forms, including extortion and bribery.
Principle 3: Businesses should uphold the freedom of
association and the effective recognition of the right to
collective bargaining
P146~151
P61, P63
P125~127
P146
P150~153
P89~91
P104~111
P112~124
P68~74
P136
P128~133
P69~71
P106~111
P112~P124
P125~127
Content
Pg.
Protections for Human Rights and
Gender Equality
Protections for Human Rights and
Gender Equality
Climate Strategy and Management
Climate Action
Ethical Management and
Fair Customer Treatment
ESG Products and Services
Climate Strategy and Management
Climate Action
Sustainable Procurement and
Supplier Management
ESG Products and Services
Social Impact
Digital Innovation and Inclusiveness
Responsible Finance
Sustainable Procurement and 
Supplier Management
Chapter
Comparison Table of Social Responsibility Guidelines
Avoidance of complicity
Employment and employment relationships
Conditions of work and social protection
Human development and training in the workplace
Social dialogue
Health and safety at work
Compliance audits to prevent risks due to human rights issues
Human rights risks situations
Organizational Governance
Resolving grievances
Discrimination and vulnerable groups
Civil and political rights
Economic, social and cultural rights
Fundamental principles and rights at work
P10~11
P146~149
P89~91
P146~153
P154~157
P146~153
P168~169
P134~145
P173~179
P158~163
P170~172
P134~145
P146~149, P152~153
P168~169
P146~149
P146~149, P153
Major Issues
Pg.
Sustainable Governance
Operation Mechanisms
Ethical Management and
Fair Customer Treatment
Protections for Human Rights and
Gender Equality
Diverse Talent Recruitment and
Skills Cultivation
Talent Retention and
Accessibility Benefits
Social Impact
Diverse Talent Recruitment and
Skills Cultivation
Protections for Human Rights and
Gender Equality
Diverse Talent Recruitment and
Skills Cultivation
Occupational Safety and Health
Social Impact
Talent Retention and
Accessibility Benefits
Protections for Human Rights and
Gender Equality
Protections for Human Rights and
Gender Equality
Chapter
Organizational
governance
Human
rights
Labor
practices
Classifi-
cation
Disclo-
sure
Disclo-
sure
Human rights
Labor
Environment
Anti-Cor-
ruption

201
Prevention of pollution
Sustainable resource use
Climate change mitigation and adaptation
Protection of the environment, bio-diversity and
restoration of natural habitats
Anti-corruption
Responsible political involvement
Fair competition
Promoting social responsibility in the value chain
Respect for property rights
Protecting consumers' health and safety
Sustainable consumption
Consumer service, support, and complaint and
dispute resolution
Consumer data protection and privacy
Fair marketing, factual and unbiased information
and fair contractual practices
P112~124
P138, P142
P89~91
P14~41
P89
P92~93
P140~141
P68~74
P93~94
P83
P92~94
P68~74
P97~103
P128~133
P94
P71~77
P137~145
P128~133
P94
P76-77
P137~145
P128~133
P134~145
P94
P75~77
P170~171
P174~175
P139~141, P144
P51~152, P159~163
P139~140
P128~133
P108~109
P117~120
Climate Action
Social Impact
Stakeholder Communication and
Materiality Analysis
Ethical Management and
Fair Customer Treatment
ESG Products and Services
Social Impact
Ethical Management and
Fair Customer Treatment
Ethical Management an
 Fair Customer Treatment
Information Security and Privacy Protection
Ethical Management and
Fair Customer Treatment
Ethical Management and
Fair Customer Treatment
ESG Products and Services
Prevention of Money Laundering,
Financial Fraud and Terrorism Financing
Digital Innovation and Inclusiveness
Ethical Management and
Fair Customer Treatment
ESG Products and Services
Social Impact
Digital Innovation and Inclusiveness
Ethical Management and
Fair Customer Treatment
ESG Products and Services
Social Impact
Social Impact
Diverse Talent Recruitment and
Skills Cultivation
Social Impact
Digital Innovation and Inclusiveness
Digital Innovation and Inclusiveness
Ethical Management and
Fair Customer Treatment
ESG Products and Services
Talent Retention and
Accessibility Benefits
Occupational Safety and Health
Social Impact
Climate Strategy and Management
Climate Action 
Fair
Operating
Practices
Consumer
Issues
Access to essential services
Education and awareness
Employment creation and skills development
Technology development
Wealth and income creation
Promotion of health
Social investment
Community participation
Education and culture
Major Issues
Pg.
Chapter
Disclo-
sure
The
Environ-
ment
Community
Involve-
ment
and
Develop-
ment

202
Taiwan Stock Exchange Corporation Rules Governing the Preparation and Filing of Sustainability 
Reports by TWSE Listed Companies
P83
P192
P72, P75
P193
P139
P193
P68
P193
P14~21
P22~41
P104~111
P112~124
Index
Description
Pg.
Information Security and
Privacy Protection
Summary of Subject Matters Assured of the
Assurance Report of Independent Auditors
Social Impact
Summary of Subject Matters Assured of
the Assurance Report of Independent Auditors
Stakeholder Communication and
Materiality Analysis
Sustainable Development Goals
Climate Strategy and Management
Climate Action
ESG Products and Services
Summary of Subject Matters Assured of
the Assurance Report of Independent Auditors
ESG Products and Services
Summary of Subject Matters Assured of
the Assurance Report of Independent Auditors
Chapter/Description
The sustainability indicators that financial and insurance companies should disclose in their sustainability reports and obtaine 
the opinion letter issued by the accountants in accordance with the standards issued by the Accounting Research and 
Development Foundation.
1. Number of data breaches, percentage involving personally 
identifiable information, and number of account holders 
affected.
2. Number and amount of loans outstanding qualified to 
programs designed to promote development of small 
business and communities.
3. Number of participants in financial literacy initiatives 
provided to the disadvantaged without adequate banking 
services.
4. Products and services designed by individual operating units 
to create benefits for the environment or society.
The content of the sustainability report of a financial and insurance 
company shall cover relevant environmental, social, and corporate 
governance risk assessments, and set relevant performance 
indicators to manage the identified major topics.
Disclose climate-related information in a special chapter, and 
obtaine greenhouse gas scope 1 and scope 2 inventory verification.
Financial Institutions
Listed Company
Comparison Table of the Six Principles of the UN Principles for Responsible Banking (PRB)
P14~21
P22~41
P56
P56~67
P68~77
P134~145
P14~21
P56-67
P68-77
P125~127
P134~145
P22~41
P10~11
P22~41
P10~11
P14
P9~41
Item
Pg.
Stakeholder Communication and
Materiality Analysis
Sustainable Development Goals
Responsible Finance 
Chapter
Principle 1: Alignment
We will align our business strategy to be consistent with and contribute to 
individuals' needs and society's goals, as expressed in the Sustainable Develop-
ment Goals, the Paris Climate Agreement and relevant national and regional 
frameworks.
Sustainable Development Goals
Principle 2: Impact & Target Setting
We will continuously increase our positive impacts while reducing the negative 
impacts on, and managing the risks to, people and environment resulting from 
our activities, products and services. To this end, we will set and publish targets 
where we can have the most significant impacts.
Responsible Finance
ESG Products and Services
Social Impact
Sustainable Governance Operation
Mechanisms
Sustainable Development Goals
Principle 3: Clients & Customers
We will work responsibly with our clients and our customers to encourage 
sustainable practices and enable economic activities that create shared 
prosperity for current and future generations.
Principle 5: Governance & Culture
We will implement our commitment to these Principles through effective 
governance and a culture of responsible banking.
Stakeholder Communication and
Materiality Analysis
Responsible Finance
ESG Products and Services
Sustainable Procurement and
Supplier Management
Social Impact
Principle 4: Stakeholders
We will proactively and responsibly consult, engage and partner with relevant 
stakeholders to achieve society's goals.
Sustainable Governance Operation
Mechanisms
Stakeholder Communication and
Materiality Analysis
Sustainable Development Goals
Principle 6: Transparency & Accountability
We will periodically review our individual and collective implementation of 
these Principles and be transparent about and accountable for our positive 
and negative impacts and our contribution to society's goals.

203
A. Risks:
1. Transition risks: These refer to policy, legal, technological, and market changes that may occur during the low-carbon transition 
process, and which are used to mitigate and adapt to climate change. 
    • Short-them: The collection of carbon taxes or fees.
    • Medium-term: Investment and financing clients' inability to undergo low-carbon transformation.
    • Long-term: Changes in market preferences.
2. Physical risks: These refer to the actual risks brought about by long-term climate change and immediate extreme weather, which 
may have financial impacts on the organization.
    • Short/medium-term: Increase in flooding and landslides. 
    • Long-term: Sustained high temperatures cause a rise in sea levels or long-term heat waves.
B. Opportunities:
1. Short-term:
   • "Product and Service": In response to the development of digital technology, promote paperless banking, securities, and 
insurance service processes; follow the Equator Principles to implement due diligence and establish customer engagement 
mechanisms; develop products such as sustainable linked loans, sustainable development linked bonds, and green deposits.
   • "Resource Efficiency": When Group-owned or invested real estate is built or replaced, priority should be given to equipment with 
energy-saving and environmentally friendly labels.
   •  "Energy Sources": Gradually increase the percentage of self-generated renewable energy.
2. Medium-term: "Market Opportunities": Assist the development of the green industry, such as increasing investment in renewable 
energy-related companies to help clients meet green supply chain regulations and demand, actively participating in the 
promotion of sustainable development bonds, issuing and expanding investment in sustainable development bonds, guiding 
funds to invest in projects that enhance environmental and social benefits.
3. Long-term: "Enhance Organizational Resilience": Based on scenario analysis results, take relevant actions; invest in the production 
of renewable energy for governments or businesses, continuously evaluate investment opportunities in the renewable energy 
industry, and adapt to the trend of sustainable development. Proactively plan investment, financing, or insurance products to meet 
new customer needs resulting from changes in customer behavior.
Describe how the identified climate risks and opportunities affect the business, strategy, and finances of the business 
(short, medium, and long term).
02
Item
The Board of Directors of FFHC serves as the top governing unit responsible for overseeing the Group's climate-related risks. Their 
duties include approving, guiding, and ensuring the effective operation of risk policies. The ESG Committee and the Risk Management 
Committee operate under the supervision of the Board of Directors and are tasked with overseeing critical strategies related to the 
group's climate risks, which are outlined below:
• The ESG Committee is chaired by the Chairperson of the Board, with the Presidents of each company in the Group serving as 
committee members. The committee is primarily responsible for formulating short, medium, and long-term ESG objectives and plans 
of action related to climate change. They also establish annual ESG performance evaluation criteria for subsidiaries. Quarterly 
meetings are held to track and review the progress of each climate change and ESG target and action plan, and implementation 
performance from the preceding year is reported to the Board of Directors within four months after year-end to promote the 
adoption and implementation of the Group's sustainability policies. Starting in 2022, each subsidiary's annual business performance 
evaluation will include assessments of their climate change and comprehensive ESG performance to ensure the achievement of 
each annual target.
• The Risk Management Committee is headed by the Chairperson of the Board and consists of the President, Vice President, and 
Chairpersons and Presidents of the subsidiaries as its members. The committee provides regular reports and continuously monitors 
the outcomes of climate risk assessments and the implementation of mitigation measures, which are subsequently reported to the 
Board of Directors.
Climate Related Data of First Financial Holding
●○ Risks and opportunities caused by climate change to the Company and related response measures
Describe the board of directors and management's oversight and governance of climate-related risks and opportunities.
01
Implementation status
Implementation status

204
Item
1. Scenario basis: The Network for Greening the Financial System (NGFS) is the primary basis for transformation scenarios, and the 
physical risk-related factors are integrated based on the representative concentration pathways (RCPs) developed by the Intergov-
ernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC).
2. Scenarios Hypothetical Pathway：
• For domestic investments, there are seven scenarios divided into "orderly transition," "disorderly transition," and "no policy" for 
both 2030 and 2050, and "no policy" for 2100. For international investments, there are only four scenarios divided into "orderly 
transition" and "disorderly transition" considered for both 2030 and 2050.
• The "orderly transition" and "disorderly transition" scenarios aim to achieve net-zero carbon emissions by 2050. Therefore, they are 
impacted by both physical and transition risks. The "no policy" scenario assumes the absence of any transition policies, thus only 
being affected by physical risks.
3. Types of climate risks, impact factors, and linkage factors:
    (1) Types of climate risks:
    • Physical risks consider events such as "flooding," "heavy rain," and "drought."
    • Transition risks are mainly related to "carbon pricing" and "policy development."
    (2) Impact factors:
    • The macroeconomic pathway mainly considers the impact of the "economic growth rate," "unemployment rate," and "housing 
     price level" on the benchmark default rate. 
    • The microeconomic pathway effects are as follows:
    A. "Heavy rain" and "flooding" will cause losses from production shutdowns, asset damage, and collateral value losses. 
    B. "Drought" leads to increased corporate water costs.
    C. "Carbon pricing" generates additional costs based on the customer's carbon emissions, further affecting their financial 
    performance.
4. Linkage factors: The individual pathways mentioned above will impact borrowers' "loan-to-revenue ratio," "secured credit ratio," 
and "current loan-to-value ratio," resulting in the probability of default (PD) under stress situations. Additionally, the decrease in 
collateral value will affect the loss-given default (LGD) under stress scenarios.
5. Risk calculation is based on existing supervisory stress-test frameworks, incorporating the factors and pathways of climate change 
mentioned above to estimate expected losses (EL) by combining PD under pressure scenarios with LGD and exposure at default (EAD).
If scenario analysis is used to assess resilience to climate change risks, the scenarios, parameters, assumptions, 
analysis factors and major financial impacts used should be described.
05
Following the "Guidelines for Domestic Banks' Climate Risk Financial Disclosure " established by the Financial Supervisory Commission, 
when disclosing financial information related to climate risks for the previous year, the reporting institution must submit relevant data 
to the regulatory agency. This includes the expected losses from natural disasters for individuals and businesses in various scenarios, 
such as orderly transition, disorderly transition, and no policy involved, evaluated for the years 2030 and 2050 as a percentage of the 
benchmark year's net worth and pre-tax profit. The institution should also plan to carry out climate change scenario analysis according 
to the "Guidelines on Climate-related Financial Disclosures of Insurance Companies," evaluating potential losses under different 
scenarios, including orderly transition, disorderly transition, and too little too late.
Describe the financial impact of extreme weather events and transformative actions
03
The First Financial Group updated its "Risk Management Policy and Guidelines for First Financial Holding Co. and Subsidiary Compa-
nies" in 2020 to include emerging risks, such as climate change risks. In 2021, each subsidiary revised its risk management policy and 
now conducts regular reviews of loan limits for the group's business categories and high carbon emission (energy-intensive/high 
pollutant) industries. The review findings are reported to the FFHC's Risk Management Committee and Board of Directors every two 
months for evaluation.
Describe how climate risk identification, assessment, and management processes are integrated into the overall risk 
management system.
04
Implementation status
Implementation status
Implementation status

205
Item
• Setting climate target: In order to meet the national 2050 net zero emission target, the company set carbon reduction target of 
2.5% of the sum of carbon emissions scope 1 and scope 2 for 2022, and the absolute reduction will be adopted from 2023 to 
control the temperature rise within science-based reduction target (SBT) of 1.5°C carbon reduction target. And a 4.2% reduction 
target of the sum of scope 1 and scope 2 emissions than prior year (2021). If the annual target cannot be achieved, green 
electricity should be purchased or other carbon trading such as renewable energy certificates to make up for the unfulfilled part.
• Carbon emission calculation scope: The company and all its subsidiaries in the consolidated financial report have completed the 
inventory and confirmation of scope 1 and 2 emissions in 2022. The carbon inventory standard is based on ISO14064-1, and the 
total carbon emissions are 21,514.46 metric tons of CO2e. Obtained the SGS verification certificate on Apr. 26, 2023. Among them, 
the scope 1 emissions are mainly from official vehicle oil, generator diesel and gas, and the scope 2 emissions are mainly from 
electricity consumption.
• Progress of de-carbonization in 2022:
   Scope 1：
   2022 de-carbonization target：decreased by 33.42 tons than that of 2021
   2022 de-carbonization achievement：increased by 186.45 tons than that of 2021.(p.s. mainly due to the parameter GWP used in         
   2022( increased by 100 tons), and the refrigerant added (increased by 54 tons), making emission grew by total 154 tons.)
   Scope 2：
   2022 de-carbonization target：decreased by 523.58 tons than that of 2021
   2022 de-carbonization achievement：decreased by 551.06 tons than that of 2021 (with deduction of green energy purchase of    
   1,148 thousand degrees and renewable energy certification in 2022, a total of 584.33 tons CO2e was decreased.)
 If climate-related goals are set, the covered activities, scope of greenhouse gas emissions, schedule, annual progress 
and other information should be explained; if carbon offsets or renewable energy certificates (RECs) are used to 
achieve relevant goals, the offsets should be explained. The source and quantity of carbon reduction credits or the 
quantity of renewable energy certificates (RECs).
08
To implement sustainable lending policies, the bank subsidiaries have established credit limit controls for industries that exacerbate 
climate change and environmental pollution. The credit limit for high-pollution (energy-consuming) industries is set at a maximum of 
14.0% of the total credit limit of the bank and is monitored monthly. To fulfill responsible investment, each subsidiary has set a limit on 
the proportion of investment in high-pollution (energy-consuming) industries to avoid environmental pollution and harm to society 
caused by investment. In response to the trend of net zero emissions at home and abroad, the Group will no longer invest in new coal 
mining companies from 2022. From 2023 onwards, no new corporate financing cases for 100% coal-fired power plant projects and 
atypical oil and gas business accounting for more than 50% of revenue will be added to continue to enhance the financial influence 
of promoting net zero emissions.
If there is a transition plan for managing climate-related risks, describe the content of the plan, and the indicators and 
targets used to identify and manage physical risks and transition risks.
06
Since 2010, the internal carbon pricing mechanism has been introduced, and the electricity saving of domestic business units has been 
set in accordance with the total carbon reduction target every year to improve carbon reduction awareness and carbon costs. Since 
2021, the achievement of each unit's power saving target has been announced quarterly. After the end of the 4th quarter, target 
achievement rate will be published. Carbon reduction cost per ton based on the actual carbon reduction measures and the amount 
invested in carbon reduction will be disclosed and informed the unit that has not reached the target for excess carbon emissions and 
the additional cost. Then the proposes carbon reduction measures for the unit shall be reported. As for the units with excellent 
performance , reward the personnels and provide their carbon management specific practices for reference among domestic units.
 If internal carbon pricing is used as a planning tool, the pricing basis should be stated.
07
Greenhouse Gas Inventory and Assurance status (Fill in page 206)
09
Implementation status
Implementation status
Implementation status

206
Greenhouse Gas Verification Statement
Greenhouse Gas Inventory and Assurance status
Basic information of the Company
● Parent company individual Inventory
Total
emission 
(tons CO2e)
1.67
2,655.03
2,656.70
99.02
18,758.74
18,857.76
0.04
0.28
Assurance
Institution
Assurance
Scope 1＊1
Density
(tons CO2e/mn)＊2
Parent Company
Subsidiary
Total
Scope 2＊1
Parent Company
Subsidiary
Total 
According to the ISO 14064-1:2018 inspection standard, the compa-
ny proposes the inspection of greenhouse gas claims, and has 
reached a bilateral agreement with SGS Taiwan Ltd. Perform 
greenhouse gas quantification, monitoring and reporting, and 
conduct inspections of direct and indirect greenhouse gas emissions 
based on ISO 14064-3:2006, ISO 14064-1:2018. The greenhouse gas 
emissions cover the period from January 1, 2022 to December 31, 
2022, and the greenhouse gas emissions during the period are 
21,514.46 tons of CO2e. The inspection results of SGS have reached 
a reasonable assurance level to ensure the consistency and applica-
bility of its scope of application, objectives and standards, and issue 
a confirmation report (please refer to this Report on pg 206~207)
SGS
Taiwan
Ltd.
Scope 3
Scope 3: Investments and Financing inspection took December 31, 2022 as base period, the categories of assets 
include "equity investment", "bond investment", "commercial loans", "commercial real estate", "mortgages", "sovereign 
debt" and "project financing", and mainly with holding purpose. A total of 13,849,382 tons of emissions. For more 
information , please refer to our group’s TCFD Report.
＊1：Scope 1 emissions are mainly from official vehicle oil, generator diesel and gas, and Scope 2 emissions are mainly from electricity consumption. 
The emission coefficients used are based on the 6.0.4 version of the greenhouse gas emission coefficient management table announced by the 
Environmental Protection Agency. In 2022, the annual inventory uses the warming potential value of the 6th assessment report of the IPCC in 2021, 
and the method used to consolidate the amount of greenhouse gases is the operation control method; the inventory standard is based on 
ISO14064-1.
＊2：Total Net Revenue of 2022 is NTD$67,756.394 mn.
○ Parent company individual Assurance
According to the regulations of the FSC, at least the following should be disclosed:
○ Inventory of consolidated financial
     reporting subsidiaries
● Companies with a capital of more
     than NT$10 billion
○ Assurance of consolidated financial 
     reporting subsidiaries

207

208
Sales Process
●○ Indicators of loan and credit card products - distinguished by credit risks
Approval rate (%)
Interest rate (%)
Average account terms (unit: year)
Average number of accounts
(credit card) held (unit: account/card)
Loan
Credit card
Overall
customers
Overall
customers
61
2.24
7.13
1.05
2
2.70
7.61
1.05
55
2.24
7.13
1.05
81
6.55
4.57
1.15
35
11.69
6.57
1.15
75
7.19
4.72
1.15
Industry category
＊：
• Prepaid card products are not provided by First Bank
• First Bank does not have any additional product charges due to credit risk.
• Classification of Credit Risk: low risk means credit rating 1 to 9 of the consumer finance application; high risk means credit rating 10 to 13 of the consum-
er finance application.
• Classification of Credit Card Risk: low risk means credit rating 1 to 8 of the credit card application; high risk means credit rating 9 to 13 of the credit 
card application.
Appendix：Sustainable Operation Indicators
SASB：FN-CF-220a.2、FN-CB-240a.1、FN-CB-000.A、FN-CB-000.B、FN-CF-230a.2、FN-CF-270a.2、FN-CF-270a.3、
FN-CF-270a.4、FN-CF-270a.5、FN-CB-410a.2
Consumer Privacy
●○ Financial losses generated due to litigation relating to customer privacy
Number of cases
Incident description and
improvement measure
Total loss amount
Punishment of the Competent Authority
1
An employee uploaded customer wire transfer information to a social 
media website, which was determined to be a violation of the Personal 
Data Protection Act by the Financial Supervisory Commission; employee 
training and internal control procedures have been reinforced.
NT$50,000
Litigation
Information Security
●○ Credit card fraud
Non-presenting a physical credit card＊
Presenting a physical credit card＊
Loss amount
Fraud number
NT$166 thousand
NT$552 thousand
1 case
51 cases
Transaction type
＊1：Type of non-presenting a physical credit card, including online transaction counterfeiting.
＊2：Types of presenting a physical credit card, including lost and stolen card, counterfeit card and counterfeit application
Low-risk credit 
rating 
customers
High-risk credit 
rating 
customers
Low-risk credit 
rating 
customers
High-risk credit 
rating 
customers

209
●○ Number of customer complaints counted by the competent authority
2022
Cases failed after
mediation (%)
Cases entering the
review process (%)
Cases established
after mediation (%)
Number of customer complaints counted
by the competent authority (unit: case)
0
4.92
1.64
183
3
3
NT$2,400,000
Litigation
NT$130,000
(Excluding the amount of losses
which are still under trial)
Punishment of the Competent Authority
Number of cases
Incident
description
and
improvement
measure
• Matters such as soliciting before an insurance product was listed and failure to 
sufficiently notify customers of relevant risks prior to insurance; operating rules have 
been revised and a system has been implemented to control, record, and register 
sales processes.
• Non-compliance to regulations prohibiting life insurance companies and insurance 
agencies from transactions that deviate from business norms, KYC questionnaires 
are not designed to truthfully reflect customer risk characteristics, failure to provide 
written notice and reasoning when denying disabled persons from insurance, and 
failure of life insurance subsidiary to implement rooms for independent transactions; 
all of the above have been rectified.
• Declared interest rate of insurance products with variable interest rates directly 
references declared rates set by industry peers; the product has been delisted. The 
declared interest rate of all subsequent products will be determined based on 
product characteristics and relevant laws.
Total loss
amount
●○ Total financial losses resulting from product sales and services related litigation
• The policyholder applied for 
claims but was discovered 
to have pre-existing 
conditions prior to 
insurance, resulting in a 
settlement between both 
parties after advisement 
from legal courts; currently, 
a settlement has been 
reached.
• The other 2 lawsuits are still 
under trail.
Industry
No.
Ratio of credit balance
●○ Status of Industry Risk Exposure
1
2
3
4
5
Real estate
Wholesale and retail
Metal
Financial and insurance
Electronic information
13.04%
10.31%
5.61%
5.81%
4.40%
Industry
No.
Ratio of credit balance
6
7
8
9
10
Petrochemical
Machinery and tools
Construction
Transportation and
warehousing
Hotel and foodservice
4.28%
4.07%
3.26%
2.71%
1.82%
Activity Metrics
●○ Number and value of loans by segment: (a)personal, (b) small business, and (c) corporate
Number of loan accounts
Value of loans (Unit: NT$1,000)
Corporate
Small business
17,915
387,679,809
27,061
255,421,968
45,153
164,692,476
Person
147,241
27,344,788
6,419,091
1,728,846,436
Item
Baseline date: December 31, 2022
＊1：Exclude customers of overseas branches and subsidiaries.
＊2：The number of loan accounts and checking and savings accounts of this year is changed to be calculated based on personal accounts.
＊3：Value of loans does not include mortgage loans, revolving loans and overdue personal loans.
＊4：A small business is defined as a micro or small enterprise, which means that the enterprise meets one of the following criteria: has been established 
or less than five years, employs fewer than 20 employees, registered capital is less than NT$5 million, or annual revenue is less than NT$10 million.
Number of checking and savings accounts
Value of checking and savings (Unit: NT$1,000)

SASB Sustainability Disclosure Topics & Accounting Metrics Content Index
SASB Indicator
TOPIC
CODE
FN-CF-220a.1
FN-CF-220a.2
FN-CF-230a.1
FN-CB-230a.1
Number of account holders whose information is
used for secondary purposes
FN-CB-230a.2
FN-CF-230a.3
Description of approach to identifying and
addressing data security risks
FN-CB-240a.1
(1) Number and (2) amount of loans outstanding
qualified to programs designed to promote small
business and community development
FN-CF-270a.1
Percentage of total remuneration for covered
employees that is variable and linked to the
amount of products and services sold
FN-CB-240a.2
ACCOUNTING METRIC
Chapter/Description
Pg.
P83
P208
P208
P78~83
P139
P164
P208
P92~93
P209
P72、P75
Information Security and
Privacy Protection
Information Security and
Privacy Protection
Sustainable Operation Indicators
ESG Products and Services
Relevant information will be
further disclosed in the future.
Customer
Privacy
Data Security
Financial
Inclusion &
Capacity
Building
Selling
Practices
Total amount of monetary losses as a result of 
legal proceedings associated with customer 
privacy
• Number of data breaches,
• percentage involving personally identifiable 
information (PII), 
• number of account holders affected
FN-CF-230a.2
Card-related fraud losses from
• card-not-present fraud and
• card-present and other fraud
(1) Number and (2) amount of past due and 
nonaccrual loans qualified to programs designed 
to promote small business and community 
development
FN-CB-240a.3
Relevant information cannot
be collected yet.
Number of no-cost retail checking accounts 
provided to previously unbanked or underbanked 
customers
FN-CB-240a.4
Social Impact
Talent Retention and
Accessibility Benefits
Sustainable Operation
Indicators
Information Security and
Privacy Protection 
Sustainable Operation Indicators
Number of participants in financial literacy 
initiatives for unbanked, underbanked, or 
underserved customers
FN-CF-270a.2
FN-CF-270a.3
Approval rate for (1) credit and (2) pre-paid 
products for applicants with FICO scores above
and below 660
FN-CF-270a.4
• Number of complaints filed with the Consumer 
Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB)
• percentage with monetary or nonmonetary relief
• percentage disputed by consumer
• percentage that resulted in investigation by the 
CFPB
For customers with FICO scores above and below 660:
• Average fees from add-on products,
• Average APR
• Average age of accounts
• average number of trade lines
• average annual fees for pre-paid products
FN-CF-270a.5
Total amount of monetary losses as a result of 
legal proceedings associated with selling and 
servicing of products
210
Sustainable Operation Indicators

This Report was printed using recycled paper and ecologically friendly toner.
FN-CB-510a.1
Description of whistleblower policies and procedures
FN-CB-000.A
(1) Number and (2) value of checking and savings
accounts by segment: (a) personal and
(b) small business
FN-CB-000.B
(1) Number and (2) value of loans by segment:
(a) personal, (b) small business, and (c) corporate
FN-CF-000.A
Number of unique consumers with an active
(1) credit card account and
(2) pre-paid debit card account
FN-CF-000.B
Number of (1) credit card accounts and
(2) pre-paid debit card accounts
P209
P57~62
P90~91
P171
P209
P73
Ethical Management and
Fair Customer Treatment
First Bank is not G-SIB, so this
metric is not applicable.
Relevant capital adequacy
management is disclosed on
the 2022 financial statements.
Sustainable Operation Indicators
ESG Products and Services
Business
Ethics
Systemic 
Risk
Management
Activity
Metrics
Total amount of monetary losses as a result of 
legal proceedings associated with fraud, insider 
trading, anti-trust, anti-competitive behavior, 
market manipulation, malpractice, or other related 
financial industry laws or regulations
FN-CB-550a.2
Description of approach to incorporation of
results of mandatory and voluntary stress tests
into capital adequacy planning, long-term
corporate strategy, and other business activities
FN-CB-510a.2
Global Systemically Important Bank (G-SIB)
score, by category
FN-CB-550a.1
Incorporation of
Environmental,
Social, and
Governance
Factors in
Credit Analysis
Sustainable Operation Indicators
FN-CB-410a.1
Commercial and industrial credit exposure,
by industry
Responsible finance
FN-CB-410a.2
Description of approach to incorporation of
ESG factors in credit analysis
211
TOPIC
CODE
ACCOUNTING METRIC
Chapter/Description
Pg.
Publish Institution : First Financial Holding Co., Ltd.
ADD : 18F, No. 30, Sec. 1, Chongqing S. Rd., Zhongzheng Dist., Taipei City
TEL : + 886-2-2311-1111
FAX : + 886-2-2311-9691
Website : https://csr.firstholding.com.tw/en/csr_report.html
Publish Date : 2023.7
Administration Management Dept., First Financial Holding Co., Ltd.
Corporate Governance Section
Tel : + 886-2-23485366
Fax : + 886-2-23119691
Address : No. 30, Sec. 1, Chongqing S. Rd., Zhongzheng Dist., Taipei City
E-mail : i15906@fhc.com.tw
First Financial Holding 2022 Sustainability Report
Contact Information

