華晶科技永續報告書
ESG Report
2022

Contents 
▍Message from the Chairman
04
▍About the Report
06
▍Sustainability Highlights
08
▍Material Topics Analysis
10
About Us
Chapter 1
14
Corporate Governance
Chapter 2
34
Supply Chain Management
Chapter 3
52
Environmental Protection
Chapter 4
62
Social Inclusion
Chapter 5
78
Independent Assurance Opinion Statement
115
Appendix 
108
SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT
ALTEK CORPORATION


4
Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
Since its establishment in 1996, Altek has adhered to 
the company vision of "Better Vision ‧ Better Life" and 
is committed to providing the most advanced smart 
imaging technology in the global market with continuous 
innovation and sustainable development concepts. 
In the face of changes in the global pandemic and 
the reshaping and diversion of the supply chain, we 
are focusing more on our core technology of image 
processing, and through continuous self-requirement 
and product innovation, combined with a multi-
faceted strategy, we have continued to push forward 
the company's transformation, actively expanding 
the business of our global customers, and enhancing 
the company's economic efficiency. In recent years, 
we have invested in the fields of electric vehicles, AI 
imaging, robotics and precision medicine to achieve 
sustainable development in three dimensions: 
economic, environmental and social. We expect 
to provide consumers with a higher quality of life 
experience and continue to promote technological 
advancement to contribute to the well-being of the 
society and sustainable development.
In the report, we will share the 2022 operating results, 
financial overview, research and development status, 
summary of business plan and ESG related issues. In 
the face of industry trends and market demands, Altek 
continuously innovates and transforms the company, 
and is committed to maintaining sustainable corporate 
development.
1.Introduction and Company Profile
2.Economic and Corporate 
   Governance Performance
In 2022, Altek realized a consolidated revenue of 
NT$14 billion, with a 54.4% growth, gross profit margin 
of 21%, net income after tax of NT$456,742 thousand, 
with an annual increase of 103.2%, and earnings per 
share of NT$1.67. While optimizing its product portfolio 
and enhancing its competitiveness, Altek has also 
maintained steady growth in both revenue and profit. 
In the ever-changing global business environment, 
focusing on core technology of image processing, 
product research and development and quality 
improvement, the company has brought new growth 
momentum through continuous innovation in product 
transformation and multi-faceted strategies, and has 
continuously innovated in the fields of automotive 
lenses, robotics, 5G, AI, metaverse, and medical smart 
imaging applications, and has successfully been 
expanding the business of its global customers and 
strategic partners in the recognition of their trust.
Especially in the era of pandemic, the Company 
invested in the research and development of single-
use (disposable) endoscopic products, which have 
achieved remarkable results in the field of medicine and 
health and significantly helped human beings to cope 
with the challenges of the pandemic, not only effectively 
avoiding the potential risk of cross-infection, but also 
reducing the cost of disinfection and maintenance, 
enabling medical personnel to focus on the treatment of 
the patient, and being widely recognized by the market, 
this product has been applied in many countries 
around the world, which has significantly contributed to 
the growth in the company's performance.
In regard to the corporate governance performance, 
Altek emphasizes good corporate governance and 
is committed to implementing various corporate 
governance measures to ensure transparent and 
fair operations and to bring sustainable and stable 
returns to shareholders. In addition to complying 
with relevant laws, regulations and rules, Altek also 
further enhances the transparency of its operations 
by, for example, setting up independent directors and 
formulating internal control and other related systems 
to ensure the transparency and legitimacy of the 
company's financial position, operating strategies and 
decision-making procedures. In addition, we are also 
Message from
the Chairman
Mr. Alex Hsia
Founder, Chairman & CEO, 
Altek Corporation

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
5
Altek is fully aware that environmental sustainability 
is one of our corporate responsibilities, complies 
with relevant laws and regulations, and actively 
promotes green environmental protection measures, 
such as energy saving and carbon reduction, water 
conservation, waste reduction, and participation 
in the green energy industry. We further integrate 
environmental concepts into product development, 
design, and production processes to realize the green 
transformation of the industrial chain, improve resource 
utilization efficiency, and reduce the burden on the 
environment. The low-power AI chip we have developed 
makes an important contribution to the realization of this 
goal. This low-power AI chip effectively reduces energy 
consumption while guaranteeing performance, helping 
to reduce carbon emissions and improve energy 
efficiency, and has been applied to various 5G IoT 
device products, which will contribute to improving the 
efficiency of human life and production, and realizing 
green, low-carbon, and sustainable development.
3.Environmental Performance
Altek emphasizes social responsibility, cares about 
the environment and social issues, and gives back to 
the community. In addition to emphasizing employee 
welfare and implementing labor rights, we also build a 
diverse and inclusive corporate culture and encourage 
employee creativity and innovation. We also care about 
environmental and social issues, and giving back to 
the community by actively promoting social welfare. We 
4.Social Performance
have established the "Altek Corporation Charity  Trust 
Funds" to donate educational resources and care for 
the underprivileged, including direct donations, in-kind 
donations, and event sponsorships, etc., which reflects 
Altek's commitment to and responsibility for the well-
being of the community. In the future, we will continue 
to bring more benefits to society through technological 
innovation, further optimize our products and services 
to meet people's expectations for a better life. At the 
same time, the Company will continue to strengthen the 
operation of the Public Trust Altek Corporation Charity 
Funds, in order to create more opportunities for more 
people in need, and to make technological innovation 
truly beneficial to every corner of the world.
5.Summary, Highlights and Future Prospects
Summarizing the various performances mentioned 
above, Altek has achieved excellent results in the three 
dimensions of economic, environmental and social 
aspects. Looking ahead, we will continue to promote 
the company's sustainable development strategy and 
set short-, medium-, and long-term indicators and 
goals based on environmental, social, and governance 
(ESG) requirements. In the coming year, we will further 
strengthen the research and development of smart 
imaging core technologies, optimize the performance 
of the following four major product portfolios, and 
accelerate the commercialization timetable to 
continuously improve manufacturing quality and 
production efficiency to ensure a highly flexible and 
customized production model to meet market demand.
1.	Precision medical care: Grasping the product 
trend in the post pandemic era, we have expanded 
from high-end blood glucose meters to a variety 
of disposable endoscopic smart medical imaging 
applications, which have been mass-produced and 
shipped gradually to seize the market opportunity.
2.	Electric vehicle: Grasping the high growth demand 
of the future electric vehicle market, we are actively 
researching and developing advanced automotive 
lenses, image processing technologies, and 
comprehensive automotive imaging solutions to 
enhance driving safety and experience.
3.	Robotics: Combining advanced 3D sensing 
technology and AI, to provide high-precision vision 
solutions for the robotics field, and to enhance 
the application effect of robotics in industrial 
manufacturing, fleet logistics, IoT, and other 
scenarios.
4.	Low-power AI chips: Continuing to invest in the 
research and development and application of 
low-power AI chips to reduce the impact on the 
environment and enhance energy-saving effects to 
achieve sustainable development.
Additionally, Altek will continue to seek innovation 
and actively respond to global environmental, social 
and governance (ESG) challenges. We will work with 
our partners to respond to issues such as climate 
change and resource management in order to achieve 
sustainable development goals. We believe that "Better 
Vision ‧ Better Life" is not only a corporate vision. We 
will strive to create more value for the society, improve 
people's quality of life with smart image technology, and 
promote the popularity and application of technology 
globally. It is also a firm commitment to the future social 
well-being and global common goals.
aggressively training our employees and enhancing 
information security and other related training to ensure 
the sustainability of our operations. Altek will continue 
to enhance its operating pattern, create more efficient 
and effective transformational value, and share the 
rewarding results with our shareholders.

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
6
Report Overview and Frequency
Reporting Boundary and Scope
Preparation Guidelines
This is the first sustainability report published 
by Altek, and we will continue to publish this 
report annually in the future to regularly disclose 
to the public our operating results in addition to 
our financial performance, and to practice the 
corporate vision of sustainable management 
through our actions. This report was published 
in September 2023, and the next report is 
expected to be published in June 2024. This is 
the first year of publishing this report, therefore 
no information has been restated.
The reporting period was from January 1 to December 31, 2022, and it will be published regularly on an annual 
basis. The scope of reporting includes the headquarters of Altek.
The financial related data source of this report is the consolidated financial statements of Altek for 2022 (the 
reporting period was from January 1 to December 31, 2022, including Altek and all subsidiaries, please refer to 
paragraph P.78 "Subsidiaries included in the Consolidated Financial Statements" in the 2022 Annual Report, and 
Altek's entire group is used as the scope of disclosure; for information boundaries in the environmental category, 
the Taiwan region is used as the scope of disclosure; and for information boundaries in the social category, the 
Taiwan region is used as the scope of disclosure. For more detailed information about our affiliates, please refer 
to Altek Corporation 2022 Annual Report. There were no significant changes in organizational size, structure, 
ownership, or supply chain during the reporting period.
This report has been prepared in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative GRI Standards (GRI Sustainability 
Reporting Standards, GRI Standards) 2021 version, of which GRI 403 of the topic standards corresponds to the 
2018 version; and an index of GRI content is provided in the Appendix.
About the Report
Contact Information
For any suggestions or questions regarding the "Altek 2022 Sustainability (ESG) Report", please feel free to contact 
us through the following methods. In order to fulfill our responsibility to disclose corporate information, we have 
also published this report on the website for your reference.
Altek Corporation
Address: No.12, Li-Hsin Road, Hsinchu Science Park
Website: http://www.altek.com.tw
Contact person: Steven Chen
Tel: (02)8751-6620
E-mail: spokesman@altek.com.tw

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
7
Reporting Responsible Unit and 
Quality Management Approach
In order to strengthen the completeness and reliability 
of Altek's sustainability reporting, the Company 
follows the "Rules Governing the Preparation and 
Filing of Sustainability Reports by TWSE Listed 
Companies" to establish the process of preparing 
sustainable reports and to implement internal auditing 
or external validation procedures, and includes them 
in the Company's "Internal Control System", and in 
accordance with this system to control the procedure 
of preparation and publication of the sustainability 
report
1.International Financial Reporting Standards
Operational 
procedure
Methods
Responsible unit 
(or position)
Report
preparation
This report is coordinated and planned by the sustainability 
promotion team. The data, strategic objectives, and performance 
indicators disclosed in this report were provided by each 
responsible unit, and then prepared and checked and amended 
by the sustainability promotion team.	
Sustainability promotion 
team, 
relevant responsible 
divisions
Internal 
review
After each unit confirms the completeness and accuracy of the 
prepared report, the highest management of the relevant unit is 
responsible for the validation.
Relevant responsible 
divisions and their 
highest management
External 
assurance
In order to enhance the accuracy and reliability of the information 
in this report, the Chief of the Company's sustainability promotion 
team, who is also the chief of corporate governance, participates 
in the third-party assurance process:
	
·
Engaging a third-party assurance organization, BSI British 
Standards Institution, in accordance with the AA1000AS v3 
assurance standard, and using Type 1, The Moderate Assurance 
level as the basis for verification, to ensure the contents of this 
report comply with the GRI Standards and AA1000AP (2018) 
Accountability Principles.
	
·
The financial data have been audited and certified by PwC 
Taiwan in accordance with International Financial Reporting 
Standards (IFRS
1) and are uniformly expressed in New Taiwan 
Dollars (NT$).
British Standards
Institution, BSI ／
PwC Taiwan
Final 
approval
The final version of the complete draft is approved for publication 
in accordance with the internal sustainability report preparation 
process.
Sustainability promotion 
team, Finance division

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
8
ESG
Sustainability
Highlights
•	 SDG 7.3 "altek SUNNY M1" low-power AI chip, which is used in AI laptops to save energy on the screen.
•	 SDG 12.5 Comply with laws and regulations, and implement policies for the classification of daily waste and 
recycling of resources.
•	 SDG 12.5 Strictly comply with the relevant regulations of environmental protection agencies in the disposal of 
regulated industrial waste, discarded electronic components, and mixed hardware waste.
•	 SDG 12.5 Reduce paper printing electronically by using SAP ERP system and e-signature system: Saved at least 
282,000 sheets of paper in 2022.
•	 SDG 13.2 Disclosing information on climate-related risks and opportunities in the "Climate-related Financial 
Disclosure (TCFD)".
•	 SDG 15.2 About 283 trees, 1,500 seedlings and plants were planted in the Hsinchu factory and the surrounding 
roads, and landscaped areas were set up on the 1st, 4th, and 6th floors of the factory.
Environment

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
9
	
·
SDG 1.1 Employee shareholding trust plan Employee stock ownership trust.
	
·
SDG 3.2 Donated to the “children's open heart surgery fund” at Mackay Memorial Hospital to support appropriate treatment for 
children with heart disease.
	
·
SDG 3.3 Take care of employees' health and implement disease prevention measures.
	
·
SDG 3.6 Reduce the risk of occupational accidents among employees, diverted vehicle and motorcycle traffic flow on the road 
outside the factory, and the B2 parking lot paved emery to increase friction in 2022.
	
·
SDG 3.8 The “Altek Corporation Charitable Trust Foundation” donated to the “Taiwan National Health Foundation” to promote 
disease prevention and encourage medical research and other related activities.
	
·
SDG 3.9 The products have obtained CE certification, RoHS, Reach and other related certifications.
	
·
SDG 5.5, SDG 10.2 Provide a diversified environment for employees.
	
·
SDG 8.6 Diversified training channels to support employees' career development.
	
·
SDG 8.7 Prohibit child labor under age 16, forced labor, and any undue discrimination in hiring, and require suppliers to also 
follow international standards and labor employment related laws in their business locations.
Social
 
·
SDG 16.6 The CEO office is the unit responsible for promoting ethical corporate management, formulating the Ethical 
Corporate Management Best Practice Principles and related policies and preventive programs.
 
·
SDG 16.7 Diversified labor-management consultation and complaint channels.
Governance

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
10
Altek mainly refers to GRI standards, SASB 
standards, ESG reports of peers and external 
consultants to identify the material topics. We then 
follow the requirements of the 2021 version of GRI 
Universal Standards and rank them, then gradually 
disclosed the impact, management strategy, and 
practice status of each material topic. We also 
calibrate sustainable development goals and 
strategies based on these results, to strengthen the 
effectiveness of our external communications.
Material 
Topics Analysis
Collect 
issues
	
·
Collecting sustainability issues that are highly relevant to Altek's business activities based on 
national policy trends and various international standards, ratings, and initiatives.
Stakeholder 
engagement
	
·
Identify four main stakeholders in total.
	
·
Contact, communicate, and engage with all stakeholders in the regular operation process to 
obtain stakeholder opinions.
Assess 
operational 
impact
	
·
Conducted impact assessment by the company and discussed with external experts.
Determine 
material 
topics
	
·
Altek established and identified the material topics in accordance with the internal 
sustainability report preparation process.
Identify 
material 
topics
	
·
compiling stakeholders' concerns and prioritizing the material topics, we invited departments 
and senior management to discuss and resolve the eight material topics.
Test 
material 
topics
	
·
2022/11/11 Worked with top management and employees who understand the Company's 
long-term operations, including HR and occupational safety (HR officer and administrative 
officer), environmental protection (administrative officer), production (China factory chief), 
finance (chief financial officer), operations, and board of directors' operations (company 
spokesperson and corporate governance officer), and collaborated with the consultant to 
confirm the material topics of the current year. The consultant proposed to include human 
rights emphasized by GRI 2021 as one of the material topics.

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
11
Stakeholder Engagement
Based on the nature of our operating activities 
and industry attributes, with reference to five 
principles of the 2015 version of the AA1000 
Stakeholder Engagement Standard, we have 
evaluated stakeholders' degree of dependence, 
responsibility, concern, influence, and diversity of 
perspectives on the Company, and have identified 
four key stakeholders, including employees, 
customers, suppliers, and investors. In order 
to fully understand the stakeholders' issues of 
concern and the actual or potential impact on the 
Company, we actively interacted with stakeholders 
through various two-way and continuous 
communication channels to collect and respond to 
their concerns.
The Company keeps stakeholders updated 
on the latest developments through various 
communication channels such as press releases, 
reports, and websites, and provides them with 
balanced, objective, and accurate and consistent 
information to assist them in understanding the 
relevant issues, choices, opportunities, and 
solutions. A diversified and smooth communication 
channel has been set up. Every year, we 
communicate with various stakeholders through 
a variety of regular and irregular communication 
channels, including physical/online meetings, 
communication with responsible units, phone calls, 
emails, and a dedicated section on the official 
website, and collect their feedback and issues of 
concern, and properly respond to their concerns.
▼ Stakeholder Communication
Stakeholder
Purpose
Methods and frequency
Validation and 
effectiveness
Employees
Improve employee 
cohesion and identity, 
cultivate an innovative 
corporate culture, and 
implement two-way 
communication
1.	Visits or official mail (irregular )
2.	Personnel bulletin or e-newsletters or 
briefing sessions
3.	CEO symposium (semi-annual)
4.	Labor conference (each quarter)
5.	Internal and external education and 
training (irregular)
6.	Confidential appeal mailbox (irregular) 
Direct Employee 
Satisfaction 
Survey (see P. 82 
New Employee 
Statistics)
Customers
Maintain partnership 
and provide customized 
solutions according to 
their needs
1.	Regular meetings (regular)
2.	Satisfaction survey (irregular)
3.	Audit visits ( irregular )
4.	Electronic communication platform 
(irregular)
Regularly collect 
customers' 
opinions, accept 
customers' audits 
and adjust the 
operation mode to 
provide customized 
services
Suppliers
Perform supply chain 
impact management, 
regularly evaluate new 
suppliers	
1.	Review meeting (irregular)
2.	Audit visits (irregular)
3.	Supplier management system(irregular)
4.	Complaint mailbox (irregular)
Audit and evaluate 
suppliers regularly
Investors 
(shareholders)
Disclose operational 
strategies and significant 
operational changes to 
maintain shareholders' 
(investors') confidence
1.	Shareholders' meeting ( annual )
2.	Investor conference (at least once a year)
3.	Company website, spokespersons and 
acting spokespersons, MOPS (real-time)
Regularly review 3 
major corporations' 
investment status

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
12
Material Topics Identification and 
Priority Ranking
Altek has always emphasized the importance of 
sustainable development issues and has conducted 
sustainability issue identification and stakeholder 
opinion gathering based on national policy trends, 
international standards, assessments, and initiatives.
 
While conducting the stakeholder opinion collecting, 
we identified four main stakeholders, and made 
contacts, communication and consultations with 
these stakeholders in daily operation process to 
understand their opinions and concerns. In addition, 
we also conducted an impact assessment to evaluate 
the impact of the Company's operational activities on 
sustainability issues.
 
Through these activities, we compiled and prioritized 
stakeholders' concern and selected seven material 
topics. To ensure these material topics were complete 
and inclusive, the Board of Directors & CFO and an 
external consultant reviewed the appropriateness of 
the relevant procedures and standards. Meanwhile, 
the consultant proposed to include human rights 
emphasized by GRI 2021 as one of the material topics. 
As this was the first sustainability report prepared by 
the Company, there were no significant topic changes.
 
material topics were eventually finalized after review by 
the corporate governance officer. We are committed to 
continuing to work on these material topics and actively 
communicating with our stakeholders in daily operational 
processes in order to achieve sustainable development 
goals. We will continue to prepare the report thereafter.
 
In addition, to ensure effective communication with 
stakeholders through the sustainability report, we have also 
set up the "Stakeholders' Contact Information" (https://www.
altek.com.tw/zh_TW/finance/node/1545903971001) on 
the website, providing a dedicated contact channel. Any 
queries, suggestions or complaints regarding the material 
topics or other report contents can be raised, to maintain 
smooth communication and good interaction with them.
▼ List of Material Topics 
No.
Dimension
Material
 topics
Significance and 
importance
Value chain impact
GRI 
Index
Corres-
ponding 
section
Upstream
Altek
IC/IP 
Design
Downstream
Raw 
Material / 
Component 
Suppliers
Packaging, 
Assembly 
Testing
Sales
Consumer 
Services
1
Economy
Products
and 
technology
Positive impact: 
Through continuous 
innovation and 
optimization, our 
products' added 
value and market 
competitiveness can be 
increased.
●
●
●
Customized
Business 
items
2
Compliance 
with 
laws and 
regulations
Negative impact:
Compliance with laws 
and regulations is very 
important, which not 
only protects the legality 
and ethical operation 
of the Company, but 
also safeguards the 
consumers' rights as well 
as protects the investors' 
interests.
●
●
●
Customized
Compliance 
with 
laws 
and 
regulations
3
Response 
to climate 
change
Negative impacts: 
Utilizing the opportunities 
arising from climate 
change to develop new 
markets and business.
●
●
●
Customized
Climate 
related 
financial 
disclosure

13
｜
Chapter 1
About Us
Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
13
No.
Dimension
Material topics
Significance and importance
Value chain impact
GRI Index
Corres-
ponding 
section
Upstream
Altek
IC/IP Design
Downstream
Raw Material 
/ Component 
Suppliers
Packaging, 
Assembly Testing
Sales
Consumer Services
4
Environment
Green products
Positive impact:Consumer demand for green 
products is increasing. If we are able to develop 
green products to meet the market demand, it will 
expand the market and increase revenue.
●
●
  GRI 416-1、 
  GRI 416-2
More energy 
efficient 
products 
and services
5
Green supply 
chain
Negative potential and actual impacts: A green 
supply chain can help improve our corporate 
image, reduce costs, meet market demands, as 
well as enhance the corporate social responsibility 
and sustainable development.
●
●
●
GRI 308-1
6
People (human rights)
Human rights
Positive potential and negative actual impacts:
Human rights are beneficial in improving our 
corporate image, risk management, attracting 
talented people and maintaining the stability 
of the supply chain, and actively managing the 
employee turnover rate.
●
●
●
Customized
7
Salary and benefits
Positive impact: 
Focusing on salary and benefits attracts and 
retains talent, improves employee morale and 
productivity, facilitates employee development 
and career planning, and safeguards corporate 
image and social responsibility.
●
GRI 202-1
8
Occupational 
safety and health
Negative potential and actual impacts:
Occupational safety and health can protect 
the employees' safety and health, reduce the 
company's risk and cost, and improve the 
corporate image and social responsibility.
●
●
●
GRI 403-1 ～
GRI 403-10
Occupational 
safety and 
health 
management 
system

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
14
1About Us
About Altek
Sustainability Commitments 
and Strategies
External Engagement
	
·Worldwide locations
	
·Business items
	
·Economic performance
	
·Tax policy, governance and 
risk management
	
·External initiatives
	
·Membership associations

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
15
｜
Chapter 1
About Us
Material topics
Product & Technology
GRI index
Customized
Policy commitments
Being a leading company of digital image industry, Altek constantly invests in R&D and innovation, and is dedicated 
to provide better products and services to the customers. In current highly competitive market, we believe that 
through technological advantages and years of experience, we are able to satisfy customers' needs and continue to 
create value for the customers.
Indicators and goals
	
·
Consolidated R&D expenses account for more than 10% of consolidated revenue each year.
	
·
Medium-term goal: Develop and promote new products to extend existing products in the future.
	
·
Long-term goal: Continue to observe the industry trend and invest more R&D resources in new technology and 
applications with development potential.
Effectiveness 
tracking mechanism
 
·
Annual reports and financial statements
Annual actions 
 and measures
	
·
The Company and its subsidiaries invested a total of NT$1,733,623 thousand in R&D expenses in 2022, which 
accounted for 12% of the consolidated revenue, mainly for innovative and integrated R&D of technologies and 
products.

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
16
About Altek
Altek has been engaged in digital imaging field for more than 26 years since its establishment. 
Headquarters is located in the Hsinchu Science Park, with R&D, manufacturing, and sales offices 
in Taipei, California, Kunshan, and Shanghai to meet the global market demand. In response to 
geographic risks, we have expanded third party manufacturing locations and operation centers to 
the Southeast Asia region in recent years.
Being one of the world's top three digital camera manufacturers in the past, Altek Group is now 
actively involving in Edge Vision Al to respond to the ever-changing market and growing demand. 
As one of the few solution providers in the industry with complete hardware and software system 
integration chip development and algorithmic capabilities, Altek group not only focuses on 
developing advanced products and technologies, but also endeavors to provide customers with 
high-quality and reliable solutions, bringing more opportunities and challenges to our business 
development.
Worldwide locations
Products and services sales (provide) regions are 
mainly in Asia, accounting for 68% of consolidated 
revenue in 2022, followed by Americas, accounting for 
20% of consolidated revenue, and Europe, accounting 
for approximately 12% of consolidated revenue. Altek 
has a total of four business locations, please refer to the 
table below:
Corporate Headquarters
Asia Pacific - Taipei
China – Jiangsu Kunshan
China - Shanghai
+886-3-578-4567
+886-2-8751-6620
+86-512-5736-8899
+86-21-6858-8151
No.12, Li-Hsin Road, Hsinchu Science Park, 
Hsinchu City
No.251, Sec. 2, Tiding Blvd., 
Neihu Dist., Taipei City 
NO.77, 3rd Main Street, 
Kunshan FreeTrade Zone, Jiangsu
Unit 3103, Block A, 188 Rudy Road, 
Changning District, Shanghai City
▼Worldwide locations 

17
｜
Chapter 1
About Us
Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
Altek Corporation
Established in 1996, with headquarter in Hsinchu Science 
Park, and R&D, manufacturing and sales offices in Taipei, 
California, Kunshan, and Shanghai. Altek has been deeply 
engaged in digital imaging for more than 26 years, and 
has been actively transformed from the world's top three 
digital camera manufacturers into a provider of "high-end 
smart imaging solutions" in recent years, integrating vision 
chips and algorithmic technologies to provide hardware 
manufacturing with a one-stop visual AI solution. Product 
application covers AIoT, smart car, medical imaging, 3D 
sensing and AI chip technology, and is one of the few 
solution providers in the industry with complete hardware 
and software system integration, chip development, and 
algorithmic capabilities, and is committed to providing the 
most competitive visual imaging technology to the world's 
leading brands in the electronics industry.
Altek puts global customers first, joining hands with global 
leading customers to create a better life for consumers. 
Over the years, Altek has been committed to optical 
imaging R&D and innovation, with core technology as the 
center of the development of important goals, through 
its own core competence in optical image processing 
technology, and continuously focus on the operation of 
the four major "smart car, smart medical, robotics, and 
AI smart imaging" industry layout. Constantly upgrading 
the business landscape and accumulating competitive 
advantages. With the evolution of AI and 5G global 
technological development, Altek is committed to 
providing better and more innovative imaging solutions 
with the world's leading visual imaging technology. With 
the vision of "Better Vision‧Better Life", integration of AI 
intelligence and optical imaging technology provides a 
rich and profound visual experience, further realizing the 
enjoyment of a better and richer life.
With "Better Vision ‧ Better Life" as the Group's vision in 
recent years, we are dedicated to developing the world's 
leading core technology in visual imaging. From digital 
cameras field, we have gradually expanded applications 
to become a major manufacturer of smart imaging 
solutions, and in response to the future development of 
business diversification, actively deployed in the smart 
car system, AI imaging, robotics and medical imaging 
applications. Altek has launched "altek SUNNY M1" AI 
low-power chip, integrating five major applications on 
the AI device side, including smart car systems, robots, 
smartphones, PCs, and security cameras, which assists 
customers in quickly integrating powerful AI edge 
computing capabilities and superior ultra-low-power 
energy efficiency, and provides customized AI imaging 
solutions. In medical and biotechnology products, 
capturing the product trend of the post pandemic era, we 
have expanded from high-end blood glucose meters to a 
variety of single-use endoscopic medical products, which 
have been mass-produced and shipped to capitalize 
on the market opportunity. On the path of continuous 
innovation, by integrating its core competencies of top-
notch visual image processing technology and optical 
software and hardware systems, Altek continues 
to strengthen the efficiency of its product portfolio, 
accelerate product launch s, strengthen production, 
sales, and supply chain management, and enhance 
manufacturing quality and production efficiency, in order 
to maintain a highly flexible and customized production 
model and cost competitiveness, and to continue to 
enhance its operational and economic efficiencies.
Lookin into the future, Altek is fully committed to the 
development of its core expertise in smart imaging, 
strengthening in the four product fields of "smart car, 
medical device, robotics, and AI imaging", maintaining 
its original IC design business, and accelerating its 
globalization deployment. We will continue to invest in 
the core technology and system integration capability of 
AI visual imaging, and maintain continuous innovation in 
forward-looking technology and innovative application 
R&D. Dedicated to corporate sustainability, improving 
the Company's environmental, social and governance 
(ESG) visibility, and progressively establishing a complete 
sustainable development strategy, as well as formulating 
short-, medium-, and long-term indicators and goals for 
each sustainability issue, and implementing specific action 
plans, and reviewing the implementation results regularly 
to fulfill our commitment to sustainable development.

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
18
Sustainability 
commitments and 
strategies
Altek Group has established a "Sustainable Development 
Best Practice Principles" in accordance with the 
"Sustainable Development Best Practice Principles for 
TWSE/TPEx Listed Companies" and published it on the 
Company's website for reference and compliance. In 
the "Sustainable Development Best Practice Principles", 
emphasize with regard to the Company’s business 
operations, it should actively implement sustainable 
development, and through corporate citizenship, enhance 
the country's economic contribution, improve employees', 
community and society's quality of life, and promote the 
balanced and sustainable development of economy, 
society, and environment, and we will adopt a gradual 
approach to implement it.
Specific promotion programs and responsibilities:
Social Care
Charitable Donations
Art and Culture
Environmental Sustainability
Altek is committed to giving back to 
the society, including children and 
youth welfare, elderly welfare, welfare 
for disabled persons, women's 
welfare, social assistance, community 
development, social work, volunteer 
services, and club development, all of 
which are our targets of care.
Altek Corporation Charity Trust 
Funds plans for long-term charitable 
donations and charity work.
Participate in and sponsor various art 
and culture activities.
The Company has included 
environmental conservation concepts 
in its corporate policy, pursuing the 
vision of minimizing environmental 
impact and is committed to 
sustainable management and 
development.

19
｜
Chapter 1
About Us
Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
Basic information
Name
Altek Corporation
Date of 
establishment
December 24, 1996
Headquarters 
location
No.12, Li-Hsin Road, Hsinchu Science Park, 
Hsinchu City
Paid-in capital
NT$2,788,000,250
Main products
Digital Imaging-related applications
Net sales
Operating revenue 
NT$14,028,161 thousand
19

Altek has been engaged in 
imaging field for more than 26 
years. From being top 3 digital 
camera manufacturers in 
global to current involvement 
in smart car, AI chips and 
high-end medical imaging.
Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
20
Main Applications and 
Manufacturing 
Processes
Welcoming AI development into a rapid growth 
period, the Company recently transformed into 
an AIoT (Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things) 
ecosystem of high-end smart imaging solutions 
provider, the core technology is the world's leading 
visual image processing technology, integrated 
with ISP (Image Signal processing), algorithms, 3D 
depth sensing and in house vision chip to provide 
a complete integrated software and hardware 
services. We are committed to providing the most 
competitive visual image technology to the world's 
leading electronics manufacturers, and continue 
to cooperate with global top strategic partners to 
implement 5G, smart car systems, AIoT, high-end 
Android smartphones, VR/AR/XR wearable devices 
for Metaverse, logistic robots, and high-end medical 
devices ( e.g. disposable endoscopes, micro-
injectors) and other device applications. As one of 
the few solution providers with complete system 
integration capabilities of hardware and software, top-
notch image and vision processing technologies, AI 
chip development and algorithms.

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
21
｜
Chapter 1
About Us
As AI technology continues to mature, digital images 
are mainly used in cameras and camcorders, 
emphasizing on image quality. Nowadays, with the 
increasing demand for robotics, smart home, smart 
security, smart cars, smart factories, unmanned 
stores, and precise medical devices, as well as 
AIoT and 5G development, Vision AI has become 
a trend, and also gradually shifting the traditional 
optical lens industry, expanding the scope of 
innovative applications to robotics, smart cars, smart 
manufacturing, and smart medical markets, which is 
regarded as the next new blue ocean.
Being a global leader in visual image processing 
technology, in recent years, the Company has been 
actively transformed from a traditional digital camera 
optical manufacturer to an AI imaging solutions 
provider. With the landing of global 5G applications, 
and AI combined with IoT (Internet of Things) eco-
systems cluster, Altek utilizes in- house leading optical 
imaging technology in AIoT and 5G applications, 
and actively lays out AI vision (Vision AI), smart car, 
robots, and medical imaging, wearable monitoring, 
and wearable drug delivery. This resulted in a 
significant increase in profitability after transformation, 
and improved revenue performance by obtaining 
comprehensive integration capabilities of optical 
products and enhancing the overall customer 
experience.
In the application of AI technology in various product 
fields, with the increase of functions applied, 
the requirements for CPU capacity and power 
consumption are rising, so as to increase the demand 
for Edge AI. The Company has also integrated 
in-house low-power AI chips and algorithms, 
successfully integrating them into industries such as 
smart car, conference video and automation, and 
is one of the few all-in-one solution providers with 
the ability to develop its own key components, AI 
software, and product integration.
Being a global leader in visual 
image processing technology, in 
recent years, the Company has 
been actively transformed from a 
traditional digital camera optical 
manufacturer to an AI imaging 
solutions provider.

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
22
In the design of recycling economic products, we promote environmental protection and waste 
reduction, such as reducing the amount of packaging materials and not providing instruction manuals; 
implementing recycling of at least 40% of the plastic materials used in consumables; and pursuing 
the ultimate goal of energy conservation in energy-saving designs, such as the production of AI drive 
recorders with low power consumption and a 7-day battery life monitoring function for parked vehicles.
In case of port congestion of raw materials or goods, the Company coordinates with suppliers to transfer 
their inventory to other ports or to ship by air. Under the QCD system (Quality, Cost, and Delivery), we 
endeavor to satisfy customers' needs in terms of cost competitiveness, speed of delivery, and quality 
improvement, and have integrated into daily operational processes.
The Company's products have obtained CE certification, RoHS and other related certificates. The future 
R&D direction towards the goal of better image quality, combined with AI technology, applied to different 
market fields, by using the AI security control system to collect information in the store, including 
customer flow statistics, customer flow hotspots, observe people flow direction and distribution and 
gender.
Altek provides diversified approaches for business execution, covering deep cultivation of existing 
customers and engaging in cooperation with world famous companies and enterprises of large scale, 
thus enabling deeper cooperation on other products; in addition, with innovation in technology, the 
Company expands and attracts new markets or customers with its core technology, and in response to 
the smart transformation of industry, optical imaging products are even the key role of the eye for AIoT. 
The Company's leading optical imaging technology integrated with AI to enhance the industrial value 
of consumer electronics, smart cars, robots, and smart medical devices, including optical imaging 
key components, system assembly, IC design, software firmware, algorithms, and complete machine 
assembly to play a key role in mastering the transformation of the smart industry chain.
ARTIFICIAL 
INTELLIGENCE
Altek in response to the smart 
transformation of industry, optical 
imaging products are even the 
key role of the eye for AIoT. The 
Company's leading optical imaging 
technology integrated with AI to 
enhance the industrial value of 
consumer electronics, smart cars, 
robots, and smart medical devices

23
｜
Chapter 1
About Us
Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
Product advantages
Viewing the global market, Altek is one of few companies 
capable of providing multi-field customers with turnkey 
solutions from upstream to downstream, including IP 
licensing, algorithm software, chip design, multi-mirror 
camera modules, 3D sensing modules, and system 
product ODMs. The Company possesses core competitive 
advantages in ISP image signal processing, 3D deep 
computing algorithms, optical digital imaging technology 
and system integration capabilities, lens and camera 
miniaturization and precision manufacturing capabilities, 
which enable Altek to provide top-notch, comprehensive 
smart imaging solutions to customers globally.
Altek's "altek SUNNY M1" AI 
chip has been awarded a 
partnership with the world's 
leading PC manufacturers 
and high- end networking 
equipment manufacturers to 
provide a top-notch AI imaging 
solution. SUNNY M1 chip has 
a number of features, including 
optimized AI computing power, 
dedicated image processing 
technology, and industrial-
grade reliability, which makes 
it highly applicable to low-
power consumption, offline computing end devices, which 
have powerful computing capabilities but very low power 
consumption, and is very energy-efficient. "altek SUNNY M1 
chip integrates five major applications on the AI device side, 
including smart car systems, robots, smartphones, PCs and 
security cameras. It enables customers to quickly integrate 
powerful AI edge computing capabilities with superior ultra-
low-power energy efficiency and provide customized AI 
imaging solutions.
Altek's "altek SUNNY M1" AI chip has 
been awarded a partnership with the 
world's leading PC manufacturers 
and high-end networking equipment 
manufacturers to provide a top-notch 
AI imaging solution.

24
Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
Being an important partner of Qualcomm's 5G ecosystem, a world leading wireless 
technology innovator, Altek continuously transformed and upgraded in recent years to 
provide high-quality 4K visual image processing capability equipped with powerful AI, 
playing an important role for AIoT, to satisfy the stringent requirements of chips, platforms, 
and visual image hardware solutions for AIoT devices in 5G generation, enabling customers' 
products to be seamlessly integrated with the relevant technology vertical applications 
under 5G communication environment, and faster product upgrade to satisfy the global 
customer's demand for AI smart images, creating a win-win situation and seizing the 
opportunity to occupy global 5G market.
In ISP image chip technology, our chip design team has a successful record of developing 
more than 10 generations of image chips; in 3D depth algorithm technology, we have 
invested in the technology for many years, and have obtained a number of patents in 
Taiwan, China, and the United States, and the depth image algorithm technology has 
been recognized by major Chinese smartphone manufacturers, U.S. semiconductor and 
technology manufacturers, and has started to establish collaborations, which includes 3D 
depth sensor chips customized by U.S. semiconductor manufacturers, and more than 200 
million units of end-products have been equipped with our image chips.
In ISP image chip technology, our chip 
design team has a successful record of 
developing more than 10 generations 
of image chips, which includes 3D 
depth sensor chips customized by U.S. 
semiconductor manufacturers, and 
more than 200 million units of end-
products have been equipped with our 
image chips.

｜
Chapter 1
About Us
Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
25
In optical digital image processing technology and system 
integration capabilities, we has been developing and 
producing cameras for international customers for more 
than 20 years, was the world's largest digital camera 
ODM manufacturer, and set up an optical team to provide 
customized design, with strong technology development, 
system integration and mass production capabilities 
to effectively respond to customer needs; meanwhile, 
the Company provides one-stop shopping customized 
services to assist customers with complete digital imaging 
solutions in the shortest possible time from product 
development to mass production and launch, responding 
quickly to customer needs, and effectively assisting 
customers to grasp early opportunities to go to market.
In addition, Altek has accumulated more than 10 years 
of solid experience in lens and camera miniaturization 
and precision manufacturing capabilities. With the 
advantages of aseptic, stable quality, simple setup, ready-
to-use, and affordability, Altek has successfully entered 
into the world's No. 1 supplier of disposable endoscopy 
brands. The Company accepts customer's request, from 
product concept, product development and validation, 
manufacturing, assisting in certification to mass production 
and launching, provides a complete service, and assists 
customers to grasp market opportunities, and create a 
win-win situation together with customers.
Summarizing the above five technologies and capabilities, 
as a global leader in visual image processing technology, 
Altek continuously invests in R&D and innovation, and 
is committed to providing customers with even better 
products and services. In today's highly competitive 
market, the Company firmly believes that through 
technology advantages and accumulated years of 
experience, we can satisfy customers' needs and continue 
to create value for them. In the future, we will continue to 
work hard to discover and apply advanced technologies 
to bring customers even better products and service 
experiences, and continue to be a leader in the digital 
imaging industry.

26
Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
Innovation and R&D
Successfully developed technologies or products during recent years to 2022:
1.	 Disposable (single-use) medical endoscopes and image processing systems
2.	 Disposable (single-use) minimally invasive surgical instruments and image processing systems for 
minimally invasive spine and joint surgeries
3.	Next-generation ultra-low-power deep learning AI chip solution
4.	Next-generation 3D depth sensing solutions for unmanned vehicles, robots and AR/VR wearables
5.	Next-generation video image processing solutions for notebook computers
6.	Next-generation high-end commercial AI fleet management system (Fleet Management/ADAS/DMS)
7.	 Next-generation of front and rear dual-lens bicycle monitoring and control system
8.	Next-generation 360 degree AI intelligent panoramic video camera (Webcam)

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
27
｜
Chapter 1
About Us
▼ Research and Development Investment in the past 3 years
     (Unit: NT$ thousand)
▼ Patents obtained in the past 3 years
Note: Others means China, USA, and India.
Year
2020 
2021 
2022 
R&D 
investment 
amount
1,058,505
1,397,350
1,733,623
% of revenue
17%
16%
12%
% of annual 
increase/
decrease
-
32%
24%
Country
No. of new patents
Total No. 
of New 
Patents
2020
2021
2022
Taiwan
10
6
8
24
Others
19
30
26
75
Total
29
36
34
99

28
Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
Future Development Strategies
Continuing to develop and promote new products to extend the existing products in the future:
1. Disposable ( single-use ) medical endoscopes for diagnostic purposes
2. Disposable ( single use ) medical endoscopes for minimally 
    invasive surgeries
3.Medical endoscopes for imaging solutions
4.Wearable (disposable) drug injectors
5.Wearable continuous blood glucose monitor
6.Next-generation ultra-low-power deep learning AI chips and algorithms

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
29
｜
Chapter 1
About Us
In addition to the foregoing, will continue to observe the trend of industry development, and will increase the investment in R&D resources for new technologies and 
applications with development potential. If there are no significant changes, it is expected that the annual consolidated R&D expenses will account for more than 
10% of the consolidated revenue.
7. Next-generation AI+ISP smart imaging solution to upgrade cell phone 
    and laptop applications
8. Next-generation 3D depth sensing solution to upgrade industrial robots 
    and AR/VR applications
9. Next-generation ISP image processing technology to upgrade 
    video imaging solutions
10.Next-generation AI fleet management system 
11.Next-generation 3D depth sensing solution to upgrade industrial robots 
     and AR/VR applications
12.New-generation high-computing power AI intelligent security control system

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
30
Economic 
Performance
▼ Direct economic value generated and 
      distributed by the organization
Note: Economic value retained ＝direct economic value generated - economic value distributed
Item (Unit: NT$ thousand)
2020
2021
2022
Direct 
economic 
value 
generated
Operating income
6,102,675 
9,085,774 
14,028,161 
Non-operating income
152,550
137,936 
153,122 
Economic 
value 
distributed
Operating costs
4,821,269 
7,329,460
11,668,275
Employee salaries and 
benefits
1,195,937 
1,523,840 
1,916,885 
Payments to providers 
of capital
157,210 
212,319
314,189
Payments to government
47,845 
64,334
74,073
Economic value retained
32,964 
93,757
207,861

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
31
｜
Chapter 1
About Us
▼ Consolidated financial statements in the past 3 years (expressed in New Taiwan Dollars)
Note: The entities included in the consolidated ﬁnancial statements include: Altek Group
Year
Unit
2020
2021
2022
Capital
Thousand
2,794,973
2,792,011
2,788,180
Operating income
Thousand
6,102,675
9,085,774
14,028,161
Gross profit
Thousand
1,521,930
2,158,722
2,897,628
Operating profit
Thousand
85,469
232,474
443,001
Income tax
Thousand
79,929
117,111
181,066
Net Income after tax
Thousand
161,508
280,261
488,041
Net income attributable to 
owners of the parent
Thousand
160,357
224,734
456,742
Earnings per share
NT
0.60
0.85
1.67
R&D expenses
Thousand
1,058,505
1,397,350
1,733,623
Employee compensation 
and benefit expenses
Thousand
1,195,937
1,523,840
1,916,885
Cash dividends paid to 
shareholders
NT/share
0.5
0.7
1.0

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
32
Tax Policy, Governance 
and Risk Management
Altek Group has formulated tax governance policies and transfer pricing policies 
in compliance with tax laws and regulations and with the goal of improving tax 
risk management and creating corporate value. In addition, we have established 
a sound tax management system and a tax governance culture, as well as a 
prompt and timely handling procedure. Through these policies and measures, 
we hope to enhance our corporate value, fulfill corporate social responsibility 
and obligations as a corporate citizen, and practice sustainable corporate 
development.
Tax Governance Related Organizations, and Responsibilities
Altek Group's chief financial officer (CFO) is the highest decision maker and is responsible for establishing an 
effective tax risk management mechanism, while the Accounting Division, as the tax management unit, regularly 
reports to the CFO on the status of tax-related management. The CFO will formulate an overall tax governance 
policy based on the entire business strategy and operating environment to ensure the effective operation of the tax 
management mechanism.

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
33
｜
Chapter 1
About Us
Tax Governance Policy, Control and Risk Management
1.
Compliance 
with laws and 
regulations
4. 
Ethical 
Communication
2. 
Transparency
5. 
Risk 
Management
3. 
Business 
substance
The Company's tax governance is based on transparency and compliance with laws and regulations, 
and the tax policies and codes of conduct are as below:
Altek is committed to complying with the local tax laws and 
regulations and the spirit of the legislation in each operation location, 
as well as following the international tax standards to ensure that 
tax calculations are accurate and that tax returns are filed and paid 
within the time limit to fulfill the tax obligations; in order to ensure 
the accuracy of tax filing, the Company's tax returns are entrusted 
to local well-established accounting firms, and the annual financial 
information is provided to PwC Taiwan for tax filing.
Transactions between our affiliates follow the transfer pricing principles 
published by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development 
(OECD), as well as the Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (BEPS) regulations. 
Establishing a good and truthful relationship with the tax authorities in the 
various regions in each operating location is also important for compliance 
with tax laws and regulations. We also provide practical and professional 
advice to help improve the tax environment and system. We believe by such 
interaction, Altek can reinforce the trust relationship between corporate and 
tax authorities, and work together to maintain a fair tax system and contribute 
to the society.
In order to ensure the transparent information, Altek invites internal tax 
team and external experts with relevant professional tax assessment 
qualifications and experience to participate in the decision-making 
process. We also comply with the relevant regulations in submitting 
country-specific reports, group master file reports, and transfer 
pricing reports to the tax authorities, and regularly disclose tax 
information to the stakeholders on the Company 's website and annual 
report; meanwhile, we commit to using the legal and transparent tax 
incentive policy to enjoy tax exemption and reduction other than by 
any means that violates the spirit of the law.
Altek emphasizes a solid tax risk control framework and organizational culture 
to ensure that the Company's overall tax burden is optimized, while taking 
into account the impact of risk control and sustainable value. Therefore, we 
will assess the tax risks carefully and take corresponding countermeasures in 
order to contribute to the Company's development and society.
Altek firmly believes that mutual trust, transparency and compliance 
with laws and regulations are the three key aspects in maintaining a 
good relationship between a corporation and its tax authorities. The 
Company's enterprise architecture and transactions are consistent 
with business substance, and does not intend to use tax avoidance 
framework or transfer profits to low-tax jurisdictions to avoid taxes. 
In conducting related party transactions, we adhere to the principles 
of regular transactions and strive to comply with the transfer pricing 
regulations of the tax laws and regulations of each region in which we 
operate to ensure that we fulfill our tax obligations. Also, with respect, 
fairness, honesty, and integrity, to interact with the tax authorities of 
each region, and when identified as a significant tax issue, proactively 
provide feedback to assist in improving tax environments and 
systems. Altek will continue to strive to ensure corporate behavior is 
in compliance with local tax laws and regulations, and through good 
interaction with tax authorities, to build mutual trust and to maintain a 
fair and transparent tax system.
Stakeholder Communication 
Approach on Tax-Related Issues
Altek' main stakeholder is the governmental tax authority. In daily 
business operations, we file and pay taxes in accordance with 
relevant laws and regulations of each country. When encountering 
any uncertainty in the operation process, we will contact the 
governmental authorities directly or through PwC Taiwan to inquire 
about the appropriate way to deal with the situation. If notified for 
tax audits, we will immediately prepare relevant information and 
cooperate with the tax authorities in conducting the audits to ensure 
the legality and transparency of all tax matters.
In order to emphasize the transparency of the Company's 
approach to tax governance, Altek maintains open communication 
channels and actively responds to and provides information to all 
parties regarding tax concerns in the Stakeholders' Section of the 
Company's website, annual reports, and shareholders' meetings, 
and endeavors to bring stable and sustainable value returns to our 
stakeholders.

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
34
2
Corporate 
Governance
Governance Structure
Ethical Management
Risk Management
Cyber Security and 
Personal Data Risk
	
·Policy commitments
	
·Composition and election of the 
Board of Directors
	
·Board continuing education
	
·Board performance evaluation
	
·Remuneration policy for directors 
and managers
	
·Functional committees
	
·Anti-corruption and anti-
bribery policy
	
·Bonus recovery policy for 
inappropriate benefits
	
·Compliance with laws and 
regulations
	
·Complaints and suggestions 
channels
	
·Risk assessment and 
management
	
·Cyber security policy
	
·Personal data management 
policy

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
35
｜
Chapter 2
Corporate Governance 
Material topics
Legal Compliance
GRI index
Customized
Policy commitments
All operating activities engaged by the Company comply with relevant laws and regulations, dedicated to 
maintaining a good corporate image, and strictly comply with relevant domestic or international laws and policies in 
corporate governance, financial management, green and environmental protection, safety regulations, labor rights, 
and fair competition in the marketplace.
In order to ensure compliance with laws and regulations, the Company has instructed each unit in each operating 
location to pay constant attention to any domestic and international policies and laws affecting operations under 
its purview and to comply with the requirements of the updated laws and regulations; if a violation of laws and 
regulations occurs in any case, a project team will be set up to formulate countermeasures to complete the 
improvement as soon as possible.
Indicators and goals 
	
·
Short-term goal: Comply with the Company Act, Securities and Exchange Act, Business Entity Accounting Act, 
Political Donations Act, Anti-Corruption Act, regulations related to TWSE/TPEx, or other laws and regulations 
related to business conduct in daily operations, and ensure that there is no major violation of any related laws and 
regulations.
	
·
Medium-term goal: Work with upstream and downstream customers and suppliers to comply with corporate 
social responsibility standards to avoid illegal and corrupt events, in order to maintain a corruption-free business 
environment; for production management, we will also comply with local laws and regulations on labor, health and 
occupational safety, and environmental protection to ensure no major violations of laws and regulations.
	
·
Long-term goal: Continue to monitor legal compliance status through audit system, and if there is any violation 
of the law, request remedies to be taken, and strive to achieve zero penalty for all operational legal compliance 
issues.
(The term " major violations" refers to cases where the penalty exceeds NT$1,000,000)
Effectiveness 
tracking mechanism
	
·
Review the status of corporate governance and legal compliance according to the annual audit plan.
	
·
Complaint mechanism: Relevant responsible divisions' contact channels for handling complaints  
(https://www.altek.com.tw/zh_TW/index)
Annual actions 
and measures
	
·
Set internal operating procedures in accordance with the standards of relevant laws and regulations for listed 
companies.
	
·
Establish the core value of operational legal compliance, and require employees to protect corporate goodwill by 
adhering to ethical standards in their daily work and business operations.
	
·
Enhance employees' awareness and ability to perform their duties in compliance with the law through continuous 
education and training.

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
36
Policy commitments
We have formulated relevant codes, policies, or 
public commitments in compliance with the vision 
of sustainable coexistence in accordance with the 
following initiatives: Sustainable Development Best 
Practice Principles for TWSE/TPEx Listed Companies; 
Ethical Corporate Management Best Practice Principles 
for T WSE/ TPEx Listed Companies; Corporate 
Governance Best Practice Principles for TWSE/TPEx 
Listed Companies; Guidelines for the Adoption of 
Codes of Ethical Conduct for TWSE/GTSM Listed 
Companies, etc. The relevant principles have been 
reviewed and approved by the Board of Directors and 
applied to the entire Group, and communicate with 
internal and external stakeholders by means of email, 
relevant meetings, website or intranet, and agreement 
clauses.
The Company's Finance Division serves as a dedicated 
unit for corporate governance. On May 7, 2021, 
the Board of Directors resolved to appoint Steven 
Chen, Director of Finance Division, as the Corporate 
Governance Officer. The dedicated unit is responsible 
for coordinating corporate governance-related matters, 
and its operation and execution are in compliance with 
relevant laws and regulations to protect shareholders' 
interests and strengthen the functions of the Board 
of Directors. This unit not only regularly reports to 
the Board of Directors on the implementation of 
corporate governance, but also keeps track of the 
latest developments in laws and regulations related to 
corporate management, provides relevant information 
to the Directors and the Audit Committee, to assist the 
Directors and the Audit Committee in legal compliance. 
In addition, the Finance Division handles matters related 
to the Board of Directors' and shareholders' meetings 
in accordance with the law, including prepares the 
minutes, and assists the Directors and Audit Committee 
Governance Structure
members in taking office 
and continuing education.
Our commitment includes 
the principles of due 
d i l i g e n c e  a n d  e a r l y 
warning, especially with 
regard to human rights. 
We follow human rights 
initiatives such as the UN 
Universal Declaration of 
Human Rights, the UN 
Guiding Principles on 
Business and Human Rights, and ILO Declaration on 
Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work, etc., and 
emphasize on respecting human rights within and 
outside of the Company while focusing on economic 
performance development, and publish the relevant 
human rights policies on the Company website in 
response to the expectations of our stakeholders.
In implementing the sustainability policy, in order 
to reasonably integrate into the Company's internal 
control system, we have formulated the relevant 
contents into internal documents such as the 
Sustainable Development Best Practice Principles, 
which are regularly audited by the Audit Office, and 
required the external supply chain and customers 
to sign the Supplier CSR Agreement, through the 
integration of upstream and downstream resources, 
to jointly fulfill the commitment to sustainability. 
And constantly pay attention to the sustainable 
development system at home and abroad as well 
as the changes in the corporate environment, so as 
to review and improve the Company's sustainable 
development policy accordingly.
Altek is committed to achieving 
sustainable development and, in 
the direction of ESG development, 
continues to manifest our concern 
for economic governance, 
human rights and humanity, and 
environmental conservation.

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
37
｜
Chapter 2
Corporate Governance 
▼ Altek's organizational structure. For more details on corporate governance framework and  
      corporate functions of each division, please refer to Altek Corporation 2022 Annual Report.
Shareholders’
 Meeting
Board of Directors
Chairman
Audit Office
Chairman Office
Financial 
Information Office
Sustainability 
promotion team
Audit Committee
Remuneration 
Committee
 Global Strategic 
Sourcing
Global Business 
Center
Research & 
Development
Human Resources 
Administration
GM

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
38
Altek's highest governance unit is the Board 
of Directors, which is responsible for making 
decisions, supervising business operations, 
managing the impact on the economy, environment, 
and human rights (people)/society, and overseeing 
the Company's operating policies.
The Company adopts a candidate nomination 
system for the election of directors, and has 
established in the "Corporate Governance Best 
Practice Principles" and the "Procedures for 
Election of Directors" that the composition of the 
Board of Directors should fully implement the 
objectives of diversity, emphasize gender equality, 
different age, nationality and culture, and formulate 
an appropriate diversity policy with respect to its 
own operation, business model and development 
needs, and possess the necessary knowledge and 
skills to perform their duties and face organizational 
impacts. 
To ensure its independence, the Board of Directors aims to have no less than three independent directors and 
no less than 1/5 (inclusive) of the total seats of the Board of Directors, and no more than 1/2 (inclusive) of the total 
seats of the Board of Directors for directors who concurrently serve as employees. The 9th Board of Directors 
of the Company has 7 members, including 3 independent directors, accounting for 43% of the total number of 
directors, and 4 directors are not employees. Among the current directors, 3 are female directors, accounting for 
43% of the total number of directors, and none of the directors are related to each other as spouses or second 
degree of kinship, which is in accordance with Paragraph 3 and 4, Article 26-3 of the Securities and Exchange 
Act. In summary, the Company's Board of Directors has achieved its goal of independence.
Additionally, in order to introduce different cultures and expand international horizons, one Japanese and one 
American director were recruited to join the Board of Directors. The seven directors of the Company have 
professional knowledge in different fields, among them, the chairman of the board of directors is Alex Hsia, who 
has expertise in management, leadership and industry knowledge; directors MORI SHOREI, Sophia Chen and 
Daphne Wang have expertise in management, leadership and financial accounting; director Belle Liang has 
expertise in financial accounting; director KUO HSIUNG WU has expertise in industry knowledge; and director 
Vincent Kao has expertise in management and marketing.
The Company's Board of Directors has established the "Corporate Governance Best Practice Principles", which 
was amended and approved by the Board of Directors on May 10, 2019, and all operations are conducted in 
accordance with the Principles, and there are no significant deviations up to date. For details of the number of 
meetings held by the Company's Board of Directors in 2022 and their participation, please refer to P.16 "Operation 
of the Board of Directors" of the Company's 2022 Annual Report. In 2022, the Company communicated with the 
Board of Directors regarding 13 material matters concerning corporate governance that had been resolved by 
the Audit Committee and submitted for review by the Board of Directors, and strictly adhered to the principle of 
avoidance of interest, please refer to P.18, "Audit Committee" in the Company's 2022 Annual Report for details.
The Company conducts an ongoing director succession plan to build a database of director 
candidates based on the following criteria:
Composition and election of the 
Board of Directors
1.	 Leadership decision-making, operation judgment, business management and crisis management abilities.
2.	 International market perspective and industry experience relevant to the Company's business.
3.	The overall Board expertise should include strategic corporate management, accounting and tax, finance and 
economics, administration and production management.
4.	Continue to provide an effective, collaborative, diverse Board of Directors to meet the needs of the Company.

39
｜
Chapter 2
Corporate Governance 
Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
▼ Profile of Directors
Title
Name
Gender
Age
Other position
meeting
No. of attendance / 
attendance rate
Chairman
Alex Hsia
Male
61 years old or above
Executive Director of Altek (Kunshan) Co., Ltd.
4 times /100%
Director
Vincent Kao
Male
51 ～60 years old
Director of Altek Optical Technology (Kunshan) 
Co., Ltd.
4 times /100%
Director
Belle Liang
Female
51 ～60 years old
Independent Director of eGalax_EMPIA 
Technology Inc.
4 times /100%
Director
Sophia Chen
Female
51 ～60 years old
Supervisor of Altek (Kunshan) Co., Ltd.
4 times /100%
Independent 
Director
MORI SHOREI
Male
61 years old or above
Japanese/Independent Director
4 times /100%
Independent 
Director
KUO HSIUNG WU
Male
61 years old or above
American/Independent Director
4 times /100%
Independent 
Director
Daphne Wang
Female
51 ～60 years old
None
4 times /100%

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
40
The Chair of the highest governance body of Altek 
is the Chairman of the Board of Directors Alex Hsia, 
who also serves as the CEO due to his expertise in 
business management, leadership decision-making 
and industry knowledge. All members of the Board 
of Directors of Altek adopt the candidate nomination 
system, and the Board of Directors has established 
the Rules of Procedures for Board of Directors 
Meetings in accordance with the Regulations 
Governing Procedure for Board of Directors Meetings 
of Public Companies, which also govern the principle 
of avoidance of interests of directors.
The Company has established effective accounting 
and internal control systems and conducts self-audit 
regularly to ensure their effectiveness. In addition, 
the internal auditors review the implementation of 
these system operations regularly and occasionally, 
and report the audit results to the Audit Committee 
and the Board of Directors. To ensure ethical and 
legal compliance in corporate governance, we have 
established a sound policy on conflict of interest. 
Members of the Board of Directors are required 
to observe a high degree of self-discipline and 
prudence, and fulfill their ethical obligations as 
managers to faithfully execute their business and 
Conflicts of interest
duties. When a matter under discussion at a Board 
of Directors meeting involves his or her own interests 
or those of the legal entity he or she represents, the 
director must state the important matters of his or her 
interest at that Board of Directors meeting. If there is a 
risk of damaging the Company's interests, the director 
may not participate in the discussion or vote, shall 
comply with the regulations to recuse themselves 
from interests, and may not act as a proxy for other 
directors in the exercise of their voting rights.
In order to prevent conflicts of interest, each of the 
Company's divisions has its own individual conflict 
prevention policy, which is implemented by each 
division in accordance with its responsibilities and 
scope. Any employee may directly raise the issue of 
conflict of interest with the top executive of his/her 
division by e-mail or other means. For information 
on the status of cross-shareholdings between 
the Company's directors and suppliers or other 
interested parties, and the existence of controlling 
shareholders, please refer to P.6 "Profile of Directors" 
P.33 "Relationship among the Top Ten Shareholders" 
and P.229 to P.230 "Directors, Supervisors and 
Presidents of Affiliated Companies" in the Company's 
2022 Annual Report.

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
41
｜
Chapter 2
Corporate Governance 
The Company's Finance Division serves as a dedicated unit for corporate 
governance and is responsible for coordinating corporate governance-
related matters, and to protect shareholders' interests and strengthen the 
functions of the Board of Directors. The main duties of the unit are to provide 
the Directors and the Audit Committee with the necessary information for 
the performance of their duties and the latest developments in laws and 
regulations related to the Company's operations, assist the directors and the 
Audit Committee in legal compliance, report on the implementation status 
of corporate governance to the Board of Directors regularly every year, and 
handle matters related to the Board of Directors' and shareholders' meetings 
in accordance with the law, prepare minutes and assist the Directors and 
the Audit Committee in taking office and continuing their education. In order 
Board continuing education
▼Individual continuing education for directors in 2022
Environmental
Economic/Governance
Total hours  
(hours)
Course
Hours
Course
Hours
Director
Belle Liang
Conceptual analysis of  
ISSB S2 "Climate-related 
Disclosures"
3
Conceptual analysis of ISSB S1 "General 
Requirements for Disclosure of Sustainability-
related Financial Information"
3
6
Independent 
Director
MORI SHOREI
Information Audit Practical Workshop
6
6
Independent 
Director
KUO HSIUNG WU
Information Audit Practical Workshop
6
6
Independent 
Director
Daphne Wang
Conceptual analysis of ISSB S1 "General 
Requirements for Disclosure of Sustainability-
related Financial Information"
3
6
Tax Laws and Practices for Controlled Foreign 
Companies
3
to closely grasp global business management trends and strengthen 
corporate governance and risk response capabilities, members of 
the Company's Board of Directors continually strive to learn industry 
expertise, enrich their corporate governance experience, and work 
together to enhance the collective wisdom of the Company's highest 
governance body with respect to sustainable development. For this 
purpose, Altek arranges continuing education for the Board of Directors 
irregularly, courses cover a wide range of economic, environmental 
and other fields, in order to enhance the Board members' knowledge 
on governance and trend insights. Due to the impact of the pandemic 
in 2022, fewer courses were taken by the Board of Directors during the 
year, totaling 24 hours of continuing education.

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
42
Altek's Board of Directors conducts annual internal 
performance evaluations of the Board of Directors 
and Board Members in accordance with the "Rules 
for Performance Evaluation of Board of Directors". 
Based on the four main aspects of the Company's 
decision-making effectiveness, professional functions, 
internal control and corporate social responsibility, 
and supplemented by self-evaluation and appointed 
external organizations to carry out the performance 
evaluation. The results will be summarized by the 
Board of Directors Meeting Unit and reported to the 
Board of Directors.
The Board of Directors and Functional Committee 
performance evaluation for 2022 was completed in 
February 2023 and was proposed to the Board of 
Directors on March 10, 2023.The overall evaluation 
results showed that the Board of Directors' operation 
as a whole was sound and in line with the corporate 
governance.  For details of the evaluation and the 
results, please refer to the "Board of Directors" section 
of the Company's annual report for the current year.
Currently, sustainability impact management has 
not yet been included in the performance evaluation 
of the board of directors. Considering the rapid 
development of the concept of sustainability in the 
modern era, an integrated unit to coordinate and have 
an organized plan for the progress of sustainability will 
enhance the effectiveness of corporate sustainable 
development. Depending on the development of the 
Company's scale, consider setting up a sustainability 
committee in the Board of Directors in the future and 
Board performance evaluation
The Directors' remuneration consists of directors' 
salary, traveling expenses and directors' bonus. 
In accordance with the Company's Articles of 
Incorporation, the directors' remuneration is based 
on their participation in the Company's operation and 
the value of their contribution, which is determined 
in accordance with the industry standard; traveling 
expenses are based on the attendance of directors at 
the Board of Directors' meetings with reference to the 
industry standard; and the Directors' bonus is based 
on the profitability of the Company in the current year, 
and not exceeding 5% as directors' remuneration.
In accordance with the Company's "Regulations 
Governing Salaries, Compensation and Performance 
Evaluation of Managers", which stipulates that the 
salary structure of managers includes salaries, 
bonuses and employee compensation, etc., and 
their salary and compensation should be linked to 
their performance based on their contributions, 
qualifications, responsibilities, industry standards, 
and consideration of the Company's overall operating 
performance and individual achievement rate, 
etc., the remuneration policies of top executives 
and Board members have not yet been linked to 
Remuneration policy for directors 
and managers
their sustainable performance, which is reported 
to the Chairman of the Board by the HR unit in 
accordance with the Company's regulations 
governing salaries, compensation and performance 
evaluation of managers. The manager's relevant 
performance evaluation and the reasonableness of 
the remuneration are reviewed by the Remuneration 
Committee and the Board of Directors, and 
the remuneration system is reviewed anytime 
according to the actual operating conditions and the 
appropriateness of the relevant laws and regulations.
The Company's pension system includes the old 
system and the new system. Employees who are 
subject to the old system are entitled to a pension 
based on the length of service and the average 
monthly salar y at the time of retirement. An 
additional 20% on top of the amount calculated 
according to the preceding subparagraph is provided 
for employees forced to retire due to disability 
incurred from the execution of their duties.
Employees who are subject to the new pension 
system under the Labor Pension Act, the Company 
contributes 6% of their salaries monthly to the 
employees' personal pension account s. All 
employees are free to participate in an employee 
stock ownership trust, and the Company contributes 
10 0% of the total amount . The Company's 
directors and top executives are subject to internal 
remuneration policies and benefits upon their 
termination of employment.
include directors who are concerned with sustainable 
development issues, in order to prioritize and prepare 
for sustainable development issues.

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
43
｜
Chapter 2
Corporate Governance 
In order to effectively manage the impact 
of operational risks, and to ensure Altek 
responds to economic, environmental, 
and people impacts as well as to oversee 
its procedures, we have established 
functional commit tees such as the 
Audit Committee and the Remuneration 
Committee under the Board of Directors. In 
the future, we will establish various other 
functional committees based on business 
development and actual needs. These 
committees perform their due diligence 
through daily business communication 
channels, internal meetings, questionnaire 
surveys and document signing as well as 
established complaint mechanisms, to 
collect stakeholder opinions or feedback 
on positive and negative risk impact events 
arising from the Company's operations, 
and are also responsible for developing, 
approving and updating relevant strategies 
and policies.
Functional committees
Altek has established an Audit Committee, which is composed of 3 independent directors of the Board of Directors, 
to assist the Board of Directors in fulfilling its supervisory responsibilities. The term of office is from June 2020 to June 
2023. Please refer to P.18 "Audit Committee" section of the annual report for more details. A total of 4 meetings of the 
Audit Committee were held in 2022.
Altek has established a Remuneration Committee, regularly evaluating, setting and reviewing the policies, systems, 
standards and structures for the performance evaluation and remuneration of directors and managers. There are 3 
members on the Remuneration Committee, and the term of office is from August 7, 2020 to June 11, 2023. A total of 
2 meetings of the Remuneration Committee were held in 2022, and the average attendance rate of the members was 
100%.
Audit Committee
Remuneration Committee
▼ Remuneration Committee members
▼ Remuneration Committee members
Note: 1. Social vulnerable group status, e.g., aboriginal, immigrant, national or ethnic minority, 
                gender identity or sexual orientation, disabled persons.
           2. Other important positions and commitments, e.g., cross Board members.
Note: 1. Social vulnerable group status, e.g., aboriginal, immigrant, national or ethnic minority, 
                gender identity or sexual orientation, disabled persons.
           2. Other important positions and commitments, e.g., cross Board members.
Title
Name
Gender
Special Identity
Note
Independent Director
MORI SHOREI
Male
Japanese/Independent Director
Independent Director
KUO HSIUNG WU
Male
American/Independent Director
Independent Director
Daphne Wang
Female
None
Title
Name
Gender
Special Identity
Note
Convener
MORI SHOREI
Male
Japanese/Independent Director
Member
KUO HSIUNG WU
Male
American/Independent Director

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
44
Sustainability promotion team
The scope of the Sustainability Promotion Team includes social care, charitable donations, 
art & culture, environmental protection, etc. In regard to social care, Altek has always 
adhered to the principle of giving back to the society, concerning and caring for the welfare 
of children and youth, the welfare of the elderly, the welfare of disabled persons, the welfare 
of women, social assistance, community development, social work, volunteer services, 
and the development of social organizations; in regard to charitable donations, Altek has 
been planning a variety of charity activities for a long time; In addition, the Company also 
actively sponsors the promotion of education in various art and cultural fields. In regard to 
environmental conservation, we have included the concept of environmental protection in 
corporate policy, pursuing the vision of reducing environmental impact, and are committed to 
realizing the goal of sustainable operation and development.
The Company established the 
"Sustainability Promotion Team" 
in July 2022 as a dedicated unit 
to promote sustainability, and 
conducted training courses from 
October to November of that year. 
Planning to hold ESG promotion 
meetings irregularly in the furture.

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
45
｜
Chapter 2
Corporate Governance 
According to Altek's whistleblowing 
system, if a dedicated whistleblower 
or unit discovers a material violation 
of the law during an investigation or if 
the Company is likely to suffer material 
damage, it should immediately prepare 
a report and notify the independent 
directors in writing.
Altek has established the "Ethical Corporate 
Management Policies and Prevention Programs" to 
prevent unethical conducts. It specifies the manner 
and channels for complaints, and is implemented 
and enforced. Any violation of this policy will be 
handled in accordance with the rules of rewards and 
penalties. The Company has established "Regulations 
Governing the Acquisition and Disposal of Assets" 
and "Regulations Governing Loaning of Funds and 
Making of Endorsements/Guarantees" etc., and has 
set up an effective accounting system and an internal 
control system for business activities within the scope 
of the Company's operations that have a relatively 
high risk of unethical conduct; the internal auditors will 
regularly and irregularly audit the compliance status 
of the preceding systems and report the audit results 
to the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors for 
prevention of unethical conduct.
The "CEO Office" is the dedicated unit for promoting 
corporate ethical management, and led by CEO 
Alex Hsia, along with the internal auditors, are 
responsible for regularly auditing and supervising the 
implementation of the ethical corporate management 
policies and prevention programs, in order to promote 
the ethical corporate management, and report to the 
Board of Directors as necessary. The Company's 
"Ethical Corporate Management Best Practice 
Principles" and "Ethical Management Policies and 
Prevention Programs" have been disclosed on the 
Company's website (https://www.altek.com.tw/zh_
TW/finance/node/1540543949001)and on MOPS, for 
the information of domestic and overseas customers. 
For the implementation status of ethical management 
during the year, please refer to "Implementation 
Status of Ethical Corporate Management".
Altek has formulated and implemented a specific whistleblower system, including:
Ethical Management
1.	 Set up and announced internal independent reporting mailboxes and lines or commissioned other external 
independent organizations to provide reporting mailboxes and lines for use by both internal and external 
personnel of the Company.
2.	 Designate a person or unit responsible for receiving and handling complaints, and report to the 
independent directors any concerns involving directors or top executives. At the same time, set up 
standard operating procedures for types of reports and investigations. These dedicated personnel or units 
are responsible for handling received cases and ensuring that fair and professional investigations are 
conducted.
3.	Receive, investigate, and record and keep the results of investigation and related documents of the 
reported cases.
4.	Protect the identity of the whistleblower and the confidentiality of the contents of the report.
5.	Take measures to protect the whistleblower from being improperly handled because of the report.
6.	Establish incentives for whistleblowers.

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
46
Anti-corruption and 
anti-bribery policy
Bonus recovery policy 
for inappropriate benefits
To establish a corporate culture of ethical 
management and sound development, the 
Company has adopted the "Ethical Corporate 
Management Best Practice Principles" by the 
Board of Directors. Based on ethical management, 
externally, emphasize ethical communication 
with customers, and internally, strictly require 
employees with self-discipline to comply with 
internal regulations, so as to establish a good 
corporate governance and risk control mechanism, 
and create a sustainable corporate culture.
The Company will adhere to the business 
philosophy of cleanliness, transparency and 
responsibility, and enhance the behavioral quality, 
work ethics and professional competence of all 
employees. Altek has formulated the "Ethical 
Corporate Management Best Practice Principles" 
and "Ethical Corporate Management Policies 
and Prevention Programs", to prohibit any direct 
or indirect offering, promising, requesting, or 
accepting of any undue benefit, or any other 
To implement ethical management, the Company organizes educational training and seminars periodically to 
communicate and promote the Company's management principles to employees, or employees participate in 
external educational training covering legal compliance for ethical management, relevant laws and international 
standards for products and services, occupational safety and health,cyber security and accounting information, 
and internal control, etc. Information about the Company's participation in self-organized or external educational 
training for 2022 was as below:
▼ Communication and training results for anti-corruption policies and procedures
Method
Total hours
Total participants
Internal training
42
624
External training
7
32
Total
49
656
violation of ethics, lawfulness, or breach of fiduciary duties in conducting business activities. Anyone who violates 
the principles, except for any improper benefits received, including money, gifts, presents, commissions, positions, 
services, favors, rebates, facilitation fees, hospitality, entertainment, and other things of value in any form or under 
any name, shall be required to reimburse or compensate for any damages caused to the person claimed or to 
the Company, and shall be punished by warning or demerit points in accordance with the Company's Personnel 
Regulations, depending on the severity of the case. In the case of serious cases, they may be dismissed or 
terminated in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations or the Company's personnel management rules. 
We expect all employees, including managers, to strictly abide by the ethics of their profession, to ensure the 
implementation of the ethical management philosophy and enable sustainable growth and development.

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
47
｜
Chapter 2
Corporate Governance 
Compliance with laws and regulations
Compliance with laws and regulations and operating 
in a lawful and compliant manner is the most basic 
responsibility of a company, and is also the key to 
sustainability. In order to ensure that our operating 
activities comply with the local government's laws 
and regulations, we have set up a legal affairs unit 
to work closely with each functional unit to pay close 
attention to the formulation of laws and regulations 
and the latest updates that may have an impact on the 
Company, and to conduct compliance evaluations of 
laws and regulations and policies, to ensure that the 
practical operations of each unit are in compliance 
with the relevant requirements and regulations.
For any significant events that may seriously impact 
the Company's operations (significant events 
are determined by reference to the Taiwan Stock 
Exchange's criteria for material information), the 
Company will disclose them publicly in the financial 
and sustainability report in accordance with the 
requirements of laws and regulations, in order to 
comply with the Company's principle of openness 
and transparency and the requirements of the GRI 
Standards for Balanced Presentation. There was 
no case of major violation of laws and regulations 
in 2022. However, in January 2022, the Company 
was fined NT$20,000 by the competent authority for 
defects on labor dispatch procedure under Article 
17-1 of the Labor Standards Act, and the situation was 
not serious. There is no any labor dispatch in 2023 for 
the Company.
▼ Legal compliance education and training in the past 3 years
Year
Course
Objective and benefit of the course
Training targets
2020
Introduction to Trade 
Secrets
Introduce trade secrets law and 
implementation of the measures for 
trade secrets protection. At present, 
we have established pertinent 
protective measures within our 
internal Research and Development 
(R&D) processes and manufacturing 
management framework.
All employees of 
Altek 
2021
Introduction to IPR and 
fundamental laws
Provide new employees with an 
introduction to Intellectual Property 
Rights (IPR) and the fundamental 
principles of law, and wrap up with a 
quiz to confirm their understanding of 
the material.
New employees 
of Altek Group 
(including 
subsidiaries)
2022
Compliance with laws and regulations and training
For immediate assistance and consultation services related to laws and regulations, the Company has set 
up a legal concept course to guide each unit to inquire about the relevant laws and regulations and the latest 
amendments to the laws and regulations, as well as a legal service window to provide colleagues an appropriate 
channel for consultation and discussion when they have any concerns about interpreting and applying the 
laws and regulations in their operations. In addition, we also organize various educational trainings, seminars, 
and information bulletins on various regulations occasionally, or our colleagues may participate in external 
educational trainings.
Based on the Company's operating principles, we communicate with employees through various channels. 
This enables employees to be familiar with the latest regulations and review and update their business 
operations to avoid misconduct or violation of regulations due to unfamiliarity with the regulations; on the 
other hand, it also enhances the importance of legal compliance and ethical awareness among employees to 
ensure that the Company's most basic social responsibilities are realized.

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
48
Complaints and 
suggestions channels
Risk Management
Ethical and responsibility are the cornerstones of 
business conduct in the sustainability of a company's 
operations. Therefore, we have set up a complaint 
and suggestion channel to encourage stakeholders to 
complain, report or provide suggestions on unethical 
and immoral behaviors, or any operational activities 
causing impacts on the economic, environmental, 
social and human rights aspects. If a stakeholder 
discovers any unethical conduct that violates the 
ethical management, he/she may file a complaint 
or report directly to the Audit Committee or the 
Internal Audit Office of the Company. If confirmed, 
the Company will penalize the violator in accordance 
with internal regulations and relevant laws; in addition, 
reports or complaints can also be filed through e-mail 
posted on the Company's website. Altek is committed 
to maintaining confidentiality in the handling process 
of whistle-blowing, and the whistle-blower will not be 
subjected to improper treatment or punishment for 
whistle-blowing. 
The Company conducts regular assessments to prevent and minimize existing and potential risks in order to 
ensure that labor practices and ethical risks are effectively managed, so that personnel management can achieve 
the goals of prevention and legal and efficient operation in compliance with corporate social responsibility 
standards. For this purpose, the Company has formulated measures for social responsibility risk assessment and 
management, as well as environmental consideration and measures for management of hazard identification 
procedures.
Altek Group's risk management is conducted by the relevant responsible divisions based on their business 
scope and expertise to assess, monitor and respond to risks. Through the joint efforts of all relevant responsible 
divisions, the Group is able to comprehensively manage and respond to risks at different levels.
The Company's work rules have been approved and posted on the Company's website, and the person or entity to 
receive employee’s complaints:
If an employee finds the Company to be in violation of any of the contents set forth in each paragraph of the scope 
of the complaint, he/she may file a complaint directly with the executive officer of his/her supervisory level, the 
administrative supervisor, the unit in charge of the related matters in the Hsinchu Science Park Administration of 
the Ministry of Science and Technology, or the unit in charge of the related matters in the local government where 
the Company is located. In the case of complaints to the Company's supervisory level, such complaints may be 
filed either orally or in writing.
1.	Inappropriate and unpleasant words or behavior of an offensive nature due to differences in gender or sexual 
orientation.
2.	Offers and promises made in exchange for compensation by sexual activities or sexually related behavior.
3.	Threats or other inappropriate ways to force or demand sexual behavior or sex-related behavior.
4.	Upon receiving a complaint, the division supervisor or the administration division supervisor will set up an 
investigation team to investigate the complaint within three days and complete the investigation and make a 
decision within thirty days, with a maximum extension of another thirty days.
5.	If a complaint is substantiated after investigation by the investigation team, the investigation team may, depending 
on the severity of the case, propose penalties for the aggrieved employee, and be executed with the approval of 
the general manager, including apology, letter of repentance, admonishment, demerit, dismissal, and referral to 
the court.
Regarding the prevention of sexual harassment, the Company has formulated relevant prevention, complaint, and 
penalty rules. Employees may file a complaint in writing to their division supervisor or the administrative supervisor 
in the event of any of the following situations:

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
49
｜
Chapter 2
Corporate Governance 
▼ Risk impacts and their response strategies and actions
Type of 
risk
Description of 
risk causes
Responsive strategies and actions
Financial 
risk
1.	from NTB, Exchange, and FSC.
2.	Accuracy of financial disclosure and 
analysis of cost balance sheet.
3.	Exchange rate fluctuations
4.	Interest rate fluctuations
1.	monitors the Company's cash flow requirements and forecasts and ensures the Company has sufficient funds for operation.
2.	The Company's products are mainly exported and most of the payments are settled in U.S. dollars, adopted the natural 
hedge strategy of maintaining a balance between assets and liabilities.; regularly evaluates the status of its foreign currency 
positions and adjusts positions by entering into U.S. dollar spot or forward foreign exchange contracts to reduce the risk of 
foreign exchange rate fluctuations.
3.	The Company's financial position is strong, with close and long-term cooperation with banks, which enables the Company 
to obtain better interest rate conditions. The Company regularly evaluates the impact of interest expenses on financing in 
order to meet the needs of its operating conditions. Cash positions are mainly placed in fixed deposits in order to obtain 
stable and safe return on investment, generally adopting a conservative and prudent operation principle to reduce impact of 
interest rate fluctuations.
Regulatory
 risk
1.	government regulations on related 
industries, such as waste water, 
waste discharge, technology outflow 
control, or regulatory restrictions 
related to raw material content.
2.	The Company's operation requires 
compliance with the law constantly, to 
avoid the risk of violating the law.
1.	HR Division regularly reviews personnel related laws and regulations, and conducts evaluation and audit.
2.	Administration Division regularly reviews relevant environmental safety laws and regulations and conducts evaluation and 
audit.
3.	Division regularly reviews environmental hazardous substances banned from use and other green product laws and 
regulations, and conducts evaluation and audit.
4.	Other business units also regularly review the legal compliance status of their responsible operations.
5.	Legal Division cooperates with law firms to respond to internal units' legal compliance concerns and seeks professional 
advice and assistance on industry-specific laws and regulations.
Climate 
change risk
1.	a special section. Please refer to the section of "Climate-related financial disclosures" in this report.
Supply chain 
management 
risk
1.	Human rights and environmental risks 
in supply chain management
2.	Regulatory risks in the supply chain
1.	New suppliers sign the CSR Guidelines.
2.	Annual suppliers' CSR audit report review.
3.	Components recognition in accordance with laws and regulations, and collect environmental related risk information for 
review.
4.	Any violation of relevant laws and regulations or initiatives by suppliers, immediately send personnel to initiate risk 
investigation and assessment, and decide whether to continue cooperation with the supplier.
Occupational 
safety risks
1.	Traffic accidents while commuting to 
work.
2.	Accidents caused by unsafe 
environment or unsafe act or 
operation of equipment.
3.	Safety risks caused by hardware and 
equipment in the Company's office 
space and factories.
1.	Include occupational safety promotion in the pre-employment training program for new employees; and conduct on-the-job 
training on occupational safety for current employees.
2.	When inspecting the factory, conduct environmental corrections, equipment improvements, and provide employees with 
appropriate protective equipment to prevent unsafe environments or unsafe acts.
3.	Post posters or slogans in the factory area to remind employees and conduct regular spot checks on the safety of production 
lines.
4.	Regularly check whether the hardware equipment of the Company and the factory is in good condition.
Cyber 
security and 
personal data 
risk
1.	Risk of personal data leakage
2.	Risk of confidential documents 
(electronic and physical) being 
leaked.
3.	Possibility of hackers attacking 
external websites and internal 
systems to steal confidential 
information.
4.	IT Division regularly checks the data backend and internal system to make sure that there is no hacking or trojan horse 
being implanted.
5.	No mentioning of the contents of confidential documents within and outside the Company, encrypting important files, 
managing and controlling security by means of permissions, and not storing confidential information on external websites.
6.	Each employee's office computer is required to install anti-virus software, and IT Division installs anti-virus software and 
plans for new anti-virus software updates.
7.	Appoint a professional cyber security company to propose and assist in the improvement of the Company's computer 
system; if an incident occurs, promptly notify and handle the incident, to ensure the normal operation of all businesses.
8.	To ensure security of the information system and to prevent system failure, the data is backed up on a regular basis, with 
additional backups. In case of any problem, restoration of backup will be prioritized, and if the problem is not eliminated, the 
host and the network will be backed up by each other.
9.	By using cloud services (three types of backup systems provided by Microsoft) for e-signature, ERP, etc., to increase the 
effective use and reduce the risk.

50
華
晶
科
技
股
份
有
限
公
司
2 0 2 2
年
永
續
報
告
書
Cyber security policy
The Company's cyber security management is 
planned, built and maintained by IT Division to ensure 
compliance with regulations and customer needs. 
The Company has established a cyber security 
management system to protect the confidentiality, 
completeness and availability of Company and 
customer information and to provide a secure 
production environment, to ensure the continued 
operation of the Company's business. In addition, 
it has also formulated rules for the operational 
management of its subsidiaries to implement risk 
control and firewall mechanisms, and has established 
Procedures for Handling Material Inside Information to 
avoid information leakage.
The Company actively applies for IP and requires 
employees to comply with confidentiality clauses 
to prevent information leakage. Receive quarterly 
supplier evaluations and customer satisfaction 
surveys to ensure, review and improve product 
quality. And to hold regular quality management 
meetings to track customer ratings and improvements 
status.  Employees and contractors are required 
to comply with the cyber security policy, internet 
security control, computer anti-virus management, 
password policy, firewall policy and information security 
management. In order to ensure cyber security, 
regularly conduct vulnerability scanning and repair, and 
invite professional lecturers to conduct education and 
training. In 2022, we invited lecturers with SYMANTEC 
certified specialist status to focus on the establishment 
of the basic concepts of cyber security, and to provide 
the basic concepts of cyber and social security to all 
the colleagues. In addition, the Company also conduct 
phishing attack exercises to raise the sensitivity and 
importance of the basic concepts of cyber security for 
colleagues.
During the pandemic, the Company took measures 
to protect cyber security for work at home, such as 
providing laptops and using VPNs. The Company also 
established workflow for employees and supply chain 
communications, and installed anti-virus detection to 
scan the attachment of incoming and outgoing mails 
to ensure their security. Thanks to the attention and 
precautions taken by all employees, the Company had 
no known attack in 2022, and will continue to enhance 
cyber security measures to ensure the security of the 
Company's business and customer information.
Cyber Security 
and Personal Data 
Risk

51
｜
Chapter 2
Corporate Governance 
Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
Personal data management policy
To ensure confidential information, business secrets, and personal data are properly protected, and continually 
strengthen cyber security protection capabilities. In addition to complying with international information 
security standards, also conform to domestic and foreign laws and regulations, and promote the protection of 
confidential information, including:
Employee and customer-related personal data are regularly inspected by IT Division staff to prevent attacks and 
theft of data from the stored servers, and to strengthen server room staff control to prevent important personal 
data being leaked out.
1.	Promote the concept of confidential information and compliance issues through daily work and various 
occasions.
2.	Implement employee education and training to enhance employees' awareness and ability in cyber security. 
In addition to making the control of confidential information a mandatory training course for new recruits, and 
aiming to constantly strengthen and raise employees' cyber security awareness.
3.	Promote the importance of shutting down the computers and monitors when away from the seats or after work, 
and also closing the monitors or turning on the password protection when temporarily away to prevent the 
important information from being snooped by those who have bad intention.

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
52
3
Supply Chain 
Management
Sustainable Value Chain
Sustainable Procurement
Supplier Risk Assessment
Supply Chain Assessment and Audit
	
·Purchasing policy
	
·Supply chain 
management policy
	
·Product liability
	
·Supplier assessment
	
·Supplier audit

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
53
｜
Chapter 3
Supply Chain Management
Material topics
Green Supply Chain
GRI index
GRI 308-1
Policy 
commitments
Altek establishes long-term partnerships with suppliers in the supply chain. To ensure sustainable development in 
environmental protection, labor rights, ethics, health and safety, risk management, and code of ethics.
Indicators and 
goals
	
·
Short-term goal: Require partners to comply with applicable international laws and regulations; achieved 80% of the 
supplier evaluation target in 2022; achieved 100% of environmental substance control in 2022.
	
·
Medium- and long-term goals: Work with partners to ensure the legitimacy and sustainability of entire supply chain. 
Achieving 100% of supplier evaluation target and 100% of environmental substance control.
Effectiveness 
tracking 
mechanism
	
·
Supplier management procedures
	
·
Environmental management substance regulations
	
·
Restriction of the use of certain hazardous substances (RoHS, Restriction Of the use of certain Hazardous Substances)
	
·
REACH, Registration, Evaluation, Authorisation and Restriction of Chemicals annex 17 (REACH annex 17)
	
·
Corporate social responsibility (CSR) supplier agreement
Annual actions 
and measures
	
·
Completed on-site audits for 12 suppliers and 5 suppliers' audit with written submissions in 2022, achieved at 60.7% due 
to the impact of the pandemic. The audit assessments did not identify any significant deficiencies or risks.
	
·
Achieved 100% for environmental substance control for components in 2022.
Material topics
Green Product
GRI index
GRI 416-1、GRI 416-2
Policy 
commitments
Strictly prohibit the use of hazardous substances to ensure that all of Altek's products are not harmful to the health of users 
and the safety of the environment.
Indicators and 
goals
	
·
Short-term goal: Ensure all products comply with relevant laws and regulations and international conventions.
	
·
Medium-term goal: Continuously reduce process waste and not to use environmentally hazardous substances.
	
·
Long-term goal: Actively promote awareness of environmental hazardous substances management to relevant 
organizations and continue to make improvements.
Effectiveness 
tracking 
mechanism
	
·
Internal IQAS601 WCS environmental substance management (REACH, RoHS, GP) regulations
	
·
HSF hazardous substance free policy
	
·
IECQ-QC 080000 system
Annual actions 
and measures
	
·
As of 2022, Altek's products are conforming with the requirements of health and safety regulations and voluntary 
compliance.

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
54
As technology continues to advance, the applications 
of digital imaging products are becoming more and 
more diversified. Nowadays, people can capture, store 
and share images through a variety of devices, such 
as digital cameras, smartphones, tablets, wearable 
devices and so on. Among them, smartphones have 
become one of the most commonly used digital 
imaging products in people's daily lives, providing 
increasing powerful shooting functions through 
constantly upgraded and improved lens modules, and 
AI has also become an important development trend in 
the digital imaging industry.
In the entire digital imaging industry, the upstream is 
mainly composed of manufacturers producing core 
components such as optical lenses, image sensors, 
image processors, etc. The midstream includes 
manufacturers of imaging devices, image processing 
software and hardware developers, etc., which are 
responsible for producing and providing various digital 
imaging products. Downstream are the sellers and 
service providers of digital imaging products. Overall, 
the upstream, midstream and downstream divisions of 
labor in the digital imaging industry are closely linked, 
and jointly promote the development and innovation of 
digital imaging technology:
	
·
Optical lens
	
·
Sensor
	
·
Circuit board
	
·
Voice coil motor
	
·
Module assembly
	
·
Software/Firmware
	
·
Program integration
	
·
Design and 
development
	
·
Machine assembly
	
·
Testing
	
·
Partial core design, 
ID design
	
·
Sales
	
·
Customer service
	
·
LCD
	
·
RAM
	
·
Chip (ASIC/ISP) 
......
Sustainable 
Value Chain
Raw materials 
supplier
Module factory
ODM factory, 
System factory
Brand Factory

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
55
｜
Chapter 3
Supply Chain Management
Purchasing policy
Supply chain management policy
As to ODM (Original Design Manufacturer) manufacturing 
method, its specific process can include the following 
steps: First, the R&D division will confirm the customer's 
requirements and specifications, and check for restrictions 
on the list of designated suppliers. Next, the R&D division 
confirm if the supplier's R&D schedule and resources meet 
the customer's needs, and also evaluate if the supplier's 
production capacity and equipment meet the requirements. 
Among the qualified suppliers, a list of suppliers with 
competitive advantages will be selected. Lastly, PM (Product 
Management) will convene a meeting for supplier selection, 
in which top executives, purchasing, and R&D units will 
jointly select a supplier that meets the requirements. 
This process can ensure the products are of high quality 
and meet the customer's requirements, and at the same 
time improve the efficiency and competitiveness of the 
manufacturer.
In the "Supplier Management Procedures" and "Environmental Management 
Substance Regulations", the Company requires each partner to comply with relevant 
international laws and regulations, pass RoHS and REACH annex 17 environmental 
and health certificates, and comply with the "CSR Supplier Agreement". Altek and 
its partners join efforts to ensure legitimacy and sustainability of the entire supply 
chain.
We conducted on-site audits for 23 suppliers and 5 suppliers' audit with written 
submissions in 2022, and actually completed 12 suppliers' on-site audits and 5 
suppliers' audit with written submissions, achieved at 60.7%. The audit assessments 
did not identify any significant deficiencies or risks. If a supplier has defects such 
as failure to set upper and lower limits for process operation data or failure to define 
controls for return of finished products, all suppliers are required to respond to our 
request for corrective action within 3 months of the audit.
Altek establishes long-term 
partnerships with suppliers in the 
supply chain. To ensure sustainable 
development in environmental 
protection, labor rights, ethics, 
health and safety, risk management, 
and code of ethics. 

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
56
In our major business locations (including the 
operational boundaries mentioned in this report), 
we are also maximizing the use of local sourcing 
to reduce carbon emissions from long-haul 
transportation and to support the local business 
development .
▼ Local sourcing percentage in the past 3 years (Unit: NT$ thousand)
Note: Geographical deﬁnitions are Taiwan and other regions outside Taiwan respectively.
Year
2020
2021
2022
Purchases in Taiwan
70,926
107,342
114,208
Local purchases outside Taiwan
3,411,477
5,020,459
3,264,978
Total amount of local purchases
3,482,374
5,127,802
3,379,186
Total amount of purchases in Taiwan
310,879
1,186,126
484,709
Total amount of purchases outside Taiwan
6,402,583
10,597,322
5,980,321
Total amount of purchases
6,713,462
11,783,448
6,465,030
Percentage of purchases in Taiwan
22.81%
9.05%
23.56%
Percentage of local purchases outside Taiwan
53.28%
47.37%
54.59%
Total 
50.82%
43.52%
52.27%
Sustainable 
Procurement
with local sourcing 
accounting for more 
than 52.2% of budgeted 
expenditures in 2022.

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
57
｜
Chapter 3
Supply Chain Management
Product liability
Quality management policy
Quality policy
Quality improvement process
Strictly prohibit the use of hazardous substances to 
ensure that all of Altek's products are not harmful to 
the health of users and the safety of the environment, 
and ensure all products comply with relevant laws 
and regulations and international conventions. We 
comply with the internal IQAS601 WCS environmental 
substance management (REACH, RoHS, GP) 
regulations to manage the products, conform to the 
HSF hazardous substance free policy, and implement 
the IECQ-QC 080000 system to continually reduce 
process waste and not to use environmentally 
hazardous substances. As of 2022, Altek's products 
are conforming with the requirements of health and 
safety regulations and voluntary compliance, and we 
constantly control the safety of our products.
Also, to ensure that purchased components comply with international regulations, the purchasing 
unit requires suppliers to provide relevant environmental substance documentation for audit 
purposes. These documents are validated at all levels to ensure compliance with our internal 
procedure code IQAS601 and GP Substance Survey. The conformed environmental material data 
will be submitted by the purchasing unit to QS and DCC for validation and PLM system validation 
management. To further ensure the correctness of the data, we will also send the compliant 
environmental substance data to a third-party laboratory, SGS, for analysis and re-verification. This 
process ensures that our products comply with health and environmental regulations.
1.Improve operation process
2. Enhance staff training
3.Maintain equipment function
4.Optimize working environment
5.Continuously improve product quality and customer service
1. Manage in accordance with ISO 9000 regulations.
2. Manage in accordance with internal PGAP003 performance management 
     and continuous improvement process.
3. Manage according to the production process and create projects to continuously 
     improve irregularly.

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
58
Supplier Risk 
Assessment
To diversify risks and continuously improve the quality 
of the overall supply chain, when introducing new 
suppliers, Altek conducts supplier assessments 
and requires CSR audit report scores, and requires 
suppliers to sign the "Supplier Corporate Social 
Responsibility (CSR) Guidelines" and the "Supplier 
Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Commitment". 
We require 100% of our suppliers or subcontractors 
to comply with the labor, health and safety, and 
environmental laws and regulations of local operations 
and relevant international standards, and strictly 
prohibit the use of child labor, forced labor, and 
captive labor. Meanwhile, provide safe and health 
working and living conditions, respect the freedom 
of employees, and prohibit any form of forced labor 
to ensure the safety and health of employees. In 
terms of labor-management cooperation, respect 
employees' freedom of association and right to 
collective bargaining, provide an equal and fair 
working environment, and strictly prohibit any form 
of discrimination, respect employees' basic human 
rights, and prohibit any form of insulting behavior. 
Reasonable arrangement of production schedules, 
employee working hours and rest time, provide 
reasonable salaries and benefits, and satisfy the 
basic needs for employees.
In addition, Altek also requires procurement 
contracts and their terms and conditions to include 
relevant requirements and to ensure all components 
us e d are in compliance with RoHS/RE ACH 
requirements, conflict metal reports, and substances 
of very high concern surveys, and other regulations. 
This ensures suppliers' products, components, 
corporate governance, and workers' human rights 
protection are in compliance with the Company's 
ESG Management Philosophy. For suppliers who 
fail to meet the Company's requirements, Altek will 
proactively assist and counsel them in implementing 
improvement plans, as well as implementing 
improvements in employee health and safety, human 
rights, and corporate social responsibility. These 
measures help to minimize supply chain risks. If any 
of the relevant regulations are violated, Altek has the 
right to terminate or cancel the contract, so as to 
encourage the supplier partners to jointly improve 
corporate social responsibility.

59
｜
Chapter 3
Supply Chain Management
Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
Environmental 
risk
	
·
100% of Raw material suppliers pass the environmental risk identification
To reduce the environmental risks, Altek has conducted a process for the certification of mass-produced components. In this process, relevant 
information such as RoHS/REACH compliance, Substance of Very High Concern (SVHC) survey form, Hazardous Substance (HS) survey form, U.S. 
TSCA substance survey form, Predicted Environmental Concentrations (PECS) list, and China VOC survey form, etc. are required to be submitted. 
These have to be reviewed before the components can be certified as mass-produced. The purpose for this is to ensure that all major raw material 
suppliers have no actual or potential significant negative impact on the environment. In addition, all suppliers are advised to obtain ISO 14001 
environmental management system certification to further ensure that negative environmental impacts of their products are controlled.
	
·
100% control of hazardous substances in products by suppliers
To ensure the products or components supplied have no negative impacts on human health and the environment, Altek requires suppliers to 
conduct a components certification process and submit information such as the Substance of Very High Concern (SVHC) survey form, Hazardous 
Substance survey form, U.S. TSCA Substance survey form, Predicted Environmental Concentrations (PECS) list, CHINA VOC survey form, etc. 
These information must include product accessories, packaging materials, and other attachments related to product deliveries. Through these 
processes and information, suppliers commit to Altek the products or components they supply will not have negative impacts on human health and 
the environment.
Social risk
For all suppliers of materials, components and moulds related to production, Altek requires them to ensure they are capable of delivering products 
that meet the Company's needs. When working with a new supplier, the Company will require the supplier to sign a procurement contract to eliminate 
any unfair, unjust or discriminatory conduct in the procurement process. In the contract, the supplier is also required to comply with relevant 
environmental protection, safety and health laws and regulations, as well as the Company's corporate social responsibility guidelines.
Governance 
risk
In Article 21 of the Company's procurement contract, it is clearly stipulated that suppliers should comply with the ethical principles. In addition, we 
provide a supplier contact window and complaint window on the website to protect the rights and interests for both suppliers and the Company.
The Company performs quarterly assessments of suppliers' delivery quality (50%), delivery time (30%), and cooperation (20%), etc., and compiles 
and summarizes them into a supplier review form, which serves as a reference for subsequent order allocation.
For direct material suppliers, the Company invites the quality assurance and engineering units of the production bases to jointly assess the existing 
suppliers from December to January of each year. As for other types of suppliers, no regular assessment will be performed. However, if there is a 
significant abnormality in the transaction process that affects the Company's rights and interests, the purchasing unit has the right to remove the 
qualification of the supplier, and the removal will be done after approval by the purchasing supervisor.

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
60
Supply Chain 
Assessment and Audit
Supplier assessment
When new suppliers need to be introduced, to ensure 
new suppliers can provide materials, components, 
and moulds that meet the Company's needs, the 
purchasing division will collect their basic information 
and arrange engineering, R&D, and quality assurance 
personnel to conduct an assessment of the supplier's 
production-related materials, components, and 
moulds. New suppliers are exempted from on-site 
supplier assessment, but still need to be audited with 
written submissions if they are: 
All other new suppliers are required to pass the 
assessment before becoming qualified suppliers. Prior 
to the assessment, the assessment team members 
will gather and introduce the current status of the 
supplier. The assessment team members will conduct 
the assessment and fill out the scores based on the 
review form and supplier audit form, and decide to be 
qualified supplier or not based on the results.
1.	 within the group
2.	internationally recognized
3.	exclusive agents
4.	 customer-specified or customized suppliers
5.	service providers, such as traders, laboratories, 
or consulting firms, etc., 
6.	production consumables or sub-materials, or 
those that provide Mock-up services or quick 
cleaning services, etc. 
7.	 Other special reasons that are approved by the 
management representative
▼ New suppliers' on-site audit results in the past 3 years
Note: The assessment criteria and weighting are: quality (50%), delivery (30%), and cooperation (20%).
Type
Classification
2020
2021
2022
Supplier
A
2
1
-
B
2
6
8
C
1
1
3
D
-
-
1
Altek uses the following methods to assess its 
suppliers: IQC returns, defective assemblies, excess 
shippings, delivery delays, and major quality issues. 
The weighting and scoring methods are based 
on the Supplier Assessment Form. (Purchasing/
Quality Assurance/Manufacturing Divisions jointly 
aggregate the number of returns, number of defective 
assemblies, delivery delays, and major quality issues 
on a quarterly basis to complete the supplier audit 
checklist for review and approval by each division's 
supervisor). Post-assessment handling: Accumulate 
the four quarterly supplier assessment scores and 
grades, review and handling, handling in accordance 
with the instructions on the supplier assessment 
form. The supplier designated by the customer will 
feedback the results to the customer for handling. 
Assessment status for all 12 new suppliers in 2022: 
11 passed and 1 failed in product quality items, 
totaling 91.6% of suppliers passed the new supplier 
assessment. Failed suppliers will be suspended from 
trading until they pass the re-assessment before 
trading resumes.

｜
Chapter 3
Supply Chain Management
Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
61
▼ New supplier audit performed in the past 3 years
▼ Suppliers' review form in the past 3 years
Note: 
1.	Estimated of 28 suppliers to be audited in 2022; 12 new suppliers are added in 2022.
2.	Due to the impact of pandemic, resulting in 4 suppliers on-site audits in 2020 was postponed to 2021; 5 suppliers did not 
conduct on-site audits in 2021 (including 1 new supplier) and postponed to 2022. 11 suppliers did not conduct audits in 2022 
(including 5 suppliers postponed and 6 new suppliers in 2021) due to the lockdown in Kunshan, Shanghai.
Type
Supplier
Method
2020
2021
2022
On-site 
audit
Estimated number of suppliers perform
9
13
23
Actual number of suppliers complete
5
8
12
Achievement Rate
55.6%
61.5%
52%
Audit in 
written 
Estimated number of suppliers perform
15
11
5
Actual number of suppliers complete
15
11
5
Achievement Rate
100%
100%
100%
Year
2020
2021
2022
Total number
76
50
128
90 points (inclusive) or above
72
50
116   
89~70 points
4
0
12
69~60 points
0
0
0
below 60 points
0
0
0
90 points (inclusive) or above will be exempted from one annual audit next year, 70 points (inclusive) or above are qualified suppliers, 
69 ~ 60 points will be re-audited at the end of next month, and below 60 points will be considered for removal from the list.

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
62
4
Environmental 
Protection
Climate-related Financial Disclosure
Energy Management
Greenhouse Gas 
Emissions
Water Resources 
Management
Green 
Environment
Biodiversity
Waste 
Management
	
·TCFD four core elements
	
·Identify and assess climate-related 
risks
	
·Climate-related risks and 
opportunities on financial impacts
	
·Altek's sustainability vision and 
milestones
	
·More energy-efficient 
products and services
	
·Energy conservation 
and carbon reduction
	
·Water withdrawal
	
·Water discharge
	
·Water consumption

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
63
｜
Chapter 4
Environmental Protection
Material topics
Climate Change Response
GRI index
GRI 201-2
Policy commitments
Continue to pay attention to global climate change trends, emphasize greenhouse gas reduction, and continue to 
improve energy conservation measures such as energy management and equipment efficiency improvement to 
optimize energy usage to achieve the " greenhouse gas reduction" goal.  At the same time, to reduce the possible 
impact of climate change, and continue to promote greenhouse gas inventory and reduction, implement various 
energy-saving and carbon reduction measures.
Indicators and goals
1.	Short-term goal: Set water and electricity conservation goals annually, regularly track the degree of achievement, 
and proactively respond to the climate change-related risks.
2.	Medium-term goal: Establish a greenhouse gas inventory program, expected to be completed in Q4 of 2025, and 
set up a dedicated (concurrent) unit, number of personnel, and scope of their duties, as well as set up an internal 
verification unit.
3.	Long-term goal: Complete the greenhouse gas inventory and verification of Altek and its subsidiaries.
Effectiveness 
tracking mechanism
 
·
Regularly track the progress of GHG inventories and report to the Board of Directors for monitoring
Annual actions and 
measures
 
·
A greenhouse gas inventory program has been established.

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
64
Climate-related 
Financial Disclosure
Climate change has caused frequent disasters in 
recent years. To prepare for climate disasters and 
prevent related financial losses, Altek takes into 
account the recommendations on climate-related 
financial disclosure formulated by the Taskforce of 
Climate Related Financial Disclosure (TCFD) set 
up by the Financial Stability Board (FSB) in 2015, 
and voluntarily discloses the Company's response 
policies and preventive actions in response to 
climate-related risks, and appropriately discloses 
the financial impacts caused by such risks, and 
identifies opportunities to secure profits after 
proper climate adaptation and disaster recovery, 
to strengthen the Company's climate resilience in 
response to subsequent climate change disasters.
▼ Core elements of climate-related financial disclosure
Core element
Action Plan
Governance
Altek convenes a sustainability team to regularly discuss issues and explore potential 
impacts within and outside the organization, including identification and assessment 
of climate-related change risks and response to climate impacts. After summarizing 
each division's policies and annual performance, they are recorded in the 
sustainability report. To propose improvements and measures to adjust and mitigate 
climate finance risks and identify corresponding climate finance opportunities, with 
respect to the potential damage caused by the risks.
Strategy
The Company includes the potential impacts of climate change in its overall 
operations, assesses the probability of risks and the extent of their impacts, and 
formulates risk response and mitigation plans. Based on business types and risk 
strategies, financial planning to identify physical and transformation risks and 
opportunities, as well as scenarios to simulate the possible financial impacts of 
climate change in the future, formulates plans for risk response and mitigation 
measures, and a crisis management mechanism. Including actively promoting green 
energy and environmental protection policies. To respond to the global climate 
change and greenhouse effect on the environment, in addition to setting up energy-
saving and carbon reduction measures, promoting energy-saving management in 
offices and public areas, waste reduction, and in accordance with the requirements 
of governmental laws and regulations, to achieve energy-saving and carbon 
reduction.

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
65
｜
Chapter 4
Environmental Protection
Core element
Action Plan
Risk 
Management
To identify and assess climate change risks, to understand the specific potential financial impacts, as a basis for policy development and goals, and 
for continuous monitoring. In 2022, Altek assessed potential climate change impacts at 2°C ~ 4°C based on RCP 2.6 and RCP 8.5 scenarios, and 
then based on the "Taiwan Climate Change Projection Information and Adaptation Knowledge Platform" 與and "3D Disaster Potential 
Map"   and other public climate modeling/graphing websites, simulated under RCP2.6 and RCP8.5 scenarios, it is estimated that the increase in 
the maximum daily rainfall in 2050 may exceed the 24-hour rainfall standard of 200 mm. However, after checking the "3D Disaster Potential Map", 
no inundation has been detected. Therefore, although there is no immediate inundation risk from flooding, short-term disruptions in the supply chain 
and staff absenteeism caused by typhoons and other natural disasters may still occur.
Indicators 
and goals
To reduce impacts of climate change and achieve carbon reduction and energy saving targets, we use metrics to manage climate-related changes 
risks and opportunities:
	
· Energy conservation and carbon reduction: Altek's main energy consumption comes from purchased electricity, with no electricity required for 
manufacturing processes and no direct emission sources (Scope 1), and the target for energy conservation by 2023 is 1.01% (with the previous 
year as the base year). Other major energy conservation measures are as follows:
	
· Electricity consumption: Lighting equipment uses products with the Eco Label, air conditioning and lighting are turned off in meeting rooms 
when unoccupied meetings, and only essential lighting is left in offices and public areas during lunch breaks, targeting a 1% reduction in annual 
electricity consumption in 2022.   
	
· Water resources: Promote water conservation by restricting water discharge at restroom counters and prioritizing the use of faucets and toilets 
with the "Water Efficiency Label" for the replacement of old equipment, targeting a 1% reduction in annual water consumption in 2022.
	
· Waste: Promote waste reduction policies, and use double-sided printing or reverse-side reuse for official documents and paper as much as 
possible. The brand of paper used for photocopying has a green label, targeting a 1% reduction in waste in 2022.
	
· Greenhouse gas emissions: Greenhouse gas emissions in 2022 were 13.156 metric tons of CO2e in Scope 1 and 1.157 metric tons of CO2e in 
Scope 2.
▼Potential map of daily maximum rainfall flooding
Altek Headquarters
(Source: 3D Disaster Potential Map)
Taipei, Taiwan

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
66
Climate-related risks and opportunities on financial impacts
After reviewing the risks, the Company analyzed the impacts of climate change on the Company's financial position, and the annual adaptation actions, which are disclosed 
as "Climate-related risks and financial impacts" and "Climate-related opportunities and financial impacts" respectively as below:
▼ Climate-related risks and financial impacts
Type	
Climate-related risk
Impact period
Risk description
Potential financial impact
Adaptation and response
Transition 
risk
Policy and regulation
Local laws and 
regulations
Medium-term
Taiwan Climate Change Act
Increased carbon 
reduction costs may result 
in a potential penalty
The relevant responsible divisions constantly 
review the impact of the latest regulations on 
the Company.
Power shortage
Long-term
Due to climate change, power and 
energy constraints, the Company 
needs to prepare for backup power
Altek once faced a power outage in 
Kunshan Export Processing Zone for 
half a day during summertime. Except 
for the production area, the rest of 
the area was not turned on to save 
electricity, and diesel fuel was used to 
supply power during the outage period. 
Installation of the 
generator also increases 
the operating costs, with a 
construction cost of $1.5 
million and an annual cost 
of $35,000 for maintaining 
and purchasing diesel fuel.
 Purchase and maintenance of generators
Physical 
risk
Immediacy
Extreme weather 
events such as 
typhoons and floods
Short-term
Blizzard in the U.S. in 2020, resulted 
in the shutdown of petroleum-related 
raw materials (connector manufacturer 
Molex), resulting in a shortage of 
customized components
Increase in typhoons may cause 
transportation risk to production 
site in Philippines and raw material 
manufacturer Logistic (not yet occurred).
Impact on production 
capacity and increase in 
costs
The Company maintains a good business 
relationship with major raw material suppliers 
to effectively control supply, shorten delivery 
time, improve incoming material quality and 
reduce risks. In addition, to establish a secure 
inventory agreed with each major supplier 
and to review prices according to market 
supply and demand, to achieve the optimal 
combination of quality, delivery time and cost, 
and to cooperate with customers in pursuing 
the production capacity of the suppliers.
Long-term
Changes in rainfall 
(precipitation) 
patterns
Medium-term
	
·
Disruption of staff commuting caused 
by typhoons or floods.
	
·
Factory stoppage caused by typhoons 
or floods
Purchase sandbags, pumps 
and other equipment
Purchase sandbags, pumps 
and other equipment
Enhanced disaster prevention and 
management by relevant divisions, and took 
necessary typhoon and flood prevention 
measures in relation to work activities.
Rising average annual 
temperature
Long-term
	
·
Reduced equipment life
	
·
Higher cooling capacity required for 
air conditioning
Increased equipment 
purchases by $120,000
Increased in electricity cost
Design of the product takes into account 
effects of temperature. Proactive response and 
adaptation to temperature 

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
67
｜
Chapter 4
Environmental Protection
▼ Climate-related opportunities and financial impacts
Type
Climate-related opportunity
Potential financial impact
Response
Resource 
efficiency
	
·
Recycling of paper and waste materials
	
·
Switching to more efficient electrical equipment
	
·
Reducing water consumption
	
·
Circular economy
	
·
Green building
	
·
Laws and standards for green products
	
·
Reducing the purchase amount of 
consumables
	
·
Reducing electricity consumption and carbon 
emissions
	
·
Reducing the cost of water consumption
	
·
Circular economy to increase sustainable 
product value
	
·
Subsidies for purchasing green appliances
	
·
Subsidies for producing green products
	
·
Implementing green energy and carbon 
reduction measures  
Energy 
sources
	
·
Low-carbon energy use
	
·
In-house production of low-carbon energy and 
renewable energy projects
	
·
Adopting energy-saving measures
	
·
Energy substitution/diversification
	
·
Reduce carbon emissions and save carbon 
reduction costs
	
·
Use self-generated green electricity and sell 
excess electricity
	
·
Reduce operating costs through energy 
conservation
	
·
Use diversified energy sources to enhance the 
resiliency of energy supply
	
·
Resource efficiency improvement not only 
contributes to energy saving, but also leads 
to behavioral changes in energy and resource 
use, and becomes an impetus for low-carbon 
transformation.
Green 
market
	
·
disposable endoscopes satisfying RoSH and 
Reach requirements and meeting the needs of 
circular economy
	
·
Expand product diversification and increase 
revenue by responding to the green market 
demand
	
·
Consider the recycling aspect in the product 
design, easy for customers to choose and 
recycle the packaging materials

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
68
Altek's energy use mainly is purchased 
electricity (98% of total energy use) and 
liquefied petroleum gas and diesel (2% of 
total energy use); total energy consumption 
in 2022 was 11,423,469 MJ, and the energy 
intensity decreased by 23% compared to 
2021, and has been on a steady decrease in 
the recent three years due to the increase in 
revenue every year.
▼ Energy use within the organization (Scope I + Scope II) (Unit: Million Joules (MJ); NT$ thousand)
Note 1: Source of the energy conversion factor was Greenhouse Gas Emission Factor Table (6.0.4), EPA.
Note 2: Energy intensity is calculated as: energy consumption/total annual revenue, with 2020 as the base year.
Type of energy
2020
2021
2022
Non-
renewable 
energy
Purchased 
electricity
11,010,869
11,125,192
11,208,132
Liquefied 
petroleum gas
201,362 
201,362
208,305
Diesel
10,548 
10,548
7,032
Total
11,222,779 
11,337,102
11,423,469
Renewable 
energy
None
0
0
0
Total energy consumption
11,222,779
11,337,102
11,423,469
Operating revenue
6,102,675 
9,085,774 
14,028,161 
Energy intensity
1.839 
1.248
0.814
% annual increase/decrease 
in energy intensity
Base year
-32%
-55%
Energy 
Management

｜
Chapter 4
Environmental Protection
69
Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
Greenhouse Gas Emissions
The ESG Committee was established in February 2022, and planned to start training in the second half of 2022. Topics such as energy 
saving, carbon reduction, greenhouse gas reduction, water reduction, and other waste management issues will be gradually included in 
the discussion, and an overall target policy is expected to be formulated in 2023.
Note:
1. Source of the energy conversion factor was Greenhouse Gas Emission Factor Table (6.0.4), EPA.
2. GHG emissions are aggregated using the operational control approach.
3. Global Warming Potential (GWP) of various greenhouse gases was valued using IPCC Fifth Assessment Report.
4. Electricity carbon emission factor in 2020 was 0.502 kg CO2e/kWh; electricity carbon emission factor in 2021 was 0.509 kg CO2e/kWh;
and electricity carbon emission factor in 2022 has not yet been announced, so the calculation was based on the electricity carbon
emission factor of 0.509 kg CO2e/kWh in 2021. Liqueﬁed petroleum gas (LPG) was converted into kilograms (weight).
5. Carbon emission intensity is calculated as: total greenhouse gas emissions (tons of CO2e)/operating revenue.
6. GHG emission base year was the previous year.
▼Greenhouse gas emissions in the past 3 years and degree of greenhouse gas emissions
(Unit: metric tons CO2e; NT$ thousand)）
Total emissions
2020
2021
2022
Scope 1
Liquefied petroleum gas
23.045
23.045
23.839
Diesel 
1.002
1.002
0.668
Scope 2
Purchased electricity
1,355.339
1,388.133
1,398.905
Total GHG emissions
1,379.446
1,412.18
1,423.412
Operating revenue
6,102,675
9,085,774
14,028,161
GHG emission intensity
(exclusive of Scope 3)
0.0000226
0.000155
0.0000101

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
70
More energy-efficient products and services
Altek has a world leading ISP imaging solution and has developed and produced 
AI low power chips and 3D sensing depth chips. "altek SUNNY M1" AI chip has 
been awarded a partnership with the world's leading PC manufacturers and 
high-end networking equipment manufacturers to provide a top-notch AI imaging 
solution. altek SUNNY M1 chip has a number of features, including an optimized 
AI computing hardware engine and dedicated image signal processing, without 
external DRAM, low-power consumption and industrial-grade reliability, which 
makes it highly applicable to low-power consumption, offline computing end 
devices. With a maximum input resolution of 16 MP Bayer/Mono, ISP and NNE 
(neural network engine), the chip is capable of computing up to 0.5T OPS. 
Despite the high computing power, the power consumption is very low, less than 
100 uW in standby, and about 150 mW in recognition, with a minimum of 10mW, 
which is very energy-efficient.
"altek SUNNY M1" chip integrates five major applications on the AI device side, 
including smart car systems, robots, smartphones, PCs and security cameras. It 
enables customers to quickly integrate powerful AI edge computing capabilities 
with superior ultra-low-power energy efficiency and provide customized AI 
imaging solutions.

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
71
｜
Chapter 4
Environmental Protection
Water withdrawal
Altek is located in Hsinchu Science Park, and water 
resource management has always been one of the 
most important environmental issues in Hsinchu 
Science Park. The water supply sources for the Park 
are from water companies and reservoirs. According to 
the World Resources Institute's "Aqueduct Water Risk 
Atlas", Taiwan as a whole falls into the Low to Medium 
(1-2) category, with no impacts on water sources due 
to water withdrawals in all areas, except for Hsinchu 
Science Park, where there have been limited water 
supplies in recent years. Altek cooperates with the 
Hsinchu Science Park Administration to continue to 
promote water conservation and water recycling and 
reuse counseling, to improve the efficiency of water 
resources use by manufacturers in the Science Park to 
reduce the impact on the water body. Therefore, after 
assessment, although Altek is not a water-intensive 
industry, we still follow the goal of water recycling rate 
set by the Hsinchu Science Park Bureau in accordance 
with industry, water consumption, and water 
consumption characteristics of the park's factories. 
In addition, to cherish water resources and to reduce 
the potential impact of local water use, the wastewater 
discharged by the Company goes through a series 
of purification processes, including equalization tank 
→ PH adjustment fast equalization tank 1 
→ fast 
equalization tank 2 → slow equalization tank 1 → slow 
equalization tank 2 
→ sedimentation tank 
→ relay 
tank → sand filter → outfall, etc., to ensure wastewater 
generated from operations complies with local 
discharge standards, and at the same time, wastewater 
inspections and tests are regularly commissioned and 
outsourced to qualified companies. In 2022, no failure 
to comply with the discharge limit value of wastewater 
discharge or environmental pollution incidents 
occurred.
▼ Total water withdrawal for all areas in the past 3 years (in millions of liters)
Source of water withdrawal
2020
2021
2022
Third party water 
(tap water)
30.814
26.818
23.465
Surface water
-
-
-
Groundwater
-
-
-
Seawater
-
-
-
Produced Water
-
-
-
Total withdrawal
30.814
26.818
23.465
Note 1: Fresh water is water with total dissolved solids (TDS) of equal to or less than 1,000 mg ／L
Note 2: Other water is water with total dissolved solids (TDS) greater than 1,000 mg ／L
Note 3: The main water source for the Hsinchu Science Park is the Baoshan reservoir, 
               which imposed partial water restrictions in 2022
Water Resources 
Management

72
Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
Water discharge
Water consumption
▼ Total water discharge for all areas in the past 3 years  (Unit: millions liters)
▼ Total water consumption of all areas in the past 3 years (Unit: million liters)
Discharge water body
2020
2021
2022
Discharge by 
endpoint
Surface water
-
-
-
Groundwater
-
-
-
Seawater
-
-
-
Third party water
11.3
9.1
8.2
Total discharge
11.3
9.1
8.2
Year
Yearly water consumption
2020
19.514
202
17.718
202
15.265
Note: Water consumption = total water withdrawal - total water discharge 

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
73
｜
Chapter 4
Environmental Protection
▼Waste classified by composition in 2022 (Unit: metric tons)
Waste 
composition
Total amount of all 
waste
Total amount of 
waste disposed of 
and transferred
Total amount of 
waste directly 
disposed of
D-2527
1.082
-
1.082
E-0221
0.038
-
0.038
Domestic 
waste
24
24
Total amount 
of waste
25.12
-
25.12
Note: Business waste statistics period in 2022 is from 2021/02/04 to 2022/05/13, which was 
different from the domestic waste statistics period, as domestic waste is collected 
weekly, but the amount of business waste is not large and needs to be accumulated to 
a certain amount before it is disposed of, so it is not a ﬁxed statistics period.
Waste Management
Altek has been always committed to implementing the policy of waste 
classification and resource recycling to further contribute to the 
environmental protection of the society. The Company mainly provides 
customers with imaging solutions, has no major waste and pollutant 
generation problems, and the products are in compliance with the 
relevant environmental protection laws and regulations to carry out 
various operations, in addition to pass various ISO certifications, and 
also serving as a Green partner for customers. Besides formulating 
internal waste management measures and complying with the EMA's 
Waste Disposal Act, we also further commissioned qualified companies 
to transport and dispose, to ensure all general domestic wastes and 
regulated industrial wastes are properly treated.
For regulated business waste, including discarded electronic 
components and mixed metal waste, we also strictly comply with the 
relevant requirements of the environmental protection authorities in the 
disposal process. We not only handle the waste physically, but also 
report it online to ensure that all procedures are transparent and legal. 
We believe that with these efforts, we can contribute to create a greener 
and more sustainable environment and leave a better earth for future 
generations.
To enhance the utilization of resources, the Company uses SAP ERP 
system and e-signature system to reduce paper printing by electronic 
means to protect the earth's resources. The Group's information from 
January 1, 2022 to November 24, 2022 is summarized below:
1.	Inventory receipts: 256,771 receipts in total, saving at least 256,000 
sheets of paper in 2022.
2.	Purchasing receipts: 20,626 receipts in total, saving at least 26,000 
sheets of paper in 2022.
3.	Other receipts, such as accountant subpoenas, still need to be signed 
in paper form.
Implement the spirit of energy saving and carbon reduction in daily 
life, and continue to monitor the impact of environmental changes and 
formulate relevant environmental protection strategies. 

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
74
▼Waste directly disposed of (discarded) according to disposal operations in 2022 (Unit: metric tons)
Operation items
On-site
Off-site
Total
Hazardous waste
ncineration ( with energy recovery)
-
-
-
Incineration (without energy recovery)
-
-
-
Landfill
-
-
-
Other disposal operations
-
0.038
0.038
Total
-
0.038
0.038
Non-hazardous 
waste
Incineration ( with energy recovery)
-
-
-
Incineration (without energy recovery)
-
-
-
Landfill
-
-
-
Other disposal operations
-
1.082
1.082
Total
-
1.082
1.082
Note 1: Incineration: Controlled combustion of waste at high temperatures.
Note 2: Landﬁll: The ﬁnal disposal site for solid waste placed under or on the ground through engineering design.
Note 3: On-site: Self-disposal of waste.
Note 4: Oﬀ-site: Outsourced disposal of waste.

｜
Chapter 4
Environmental Protection
Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
75
▼ Waste Disposal in the past 3 years
Note 1: Disposal site: On-site (self-disposal within the factory), oﬀ-site (outsourced disposal). 
Note 2: Disposal methods: reuse (reuse for the same purpose), recycling (reprocessed to make new materials), incineration (with energy recovery), incineration 
(without energy recovery), landﬁll, and others.
Note 3: Hazardous business waste and general business waste are deﬁned in accordance with the Waste Disposal Act and the Standards for Deﬁning Hazardous 
Industrial Waste of Taiwan.
Note 4: In 2020, the Company did not keep any waste disposal receipts, therefore, no information on business waste can be provided. 
Year 
2020
2021
2022
Classification
Major waste 
types
Disposal 
site
Note 1
Disposal 
method 
Note 2
Output
 (metric tons)
Output
 (metric tons)
Output
 (metric tons)
Hazardous 
businesswaste
E-0221
Off-site
Other disposal 
operations
-
0.055
0.038
General business 
waste
Domestic waste
Off-site
Incineration
12.1
24
24
D-2527
Off-site
Other disposal 
operations
-
3.6
1.082
Total amount of waste
12.1
27.655
25.12

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
76
Green Environment
Environmental protection and sustainable 
development have become important issues of global 
concern in recent years, and corporations have been 
urged to fulfill their corporate social responsibility 
and actively participate in environmental protection 
initiatives. Altek has always been concerned with 
environmental protection issues and actively promotes 
the Company's green policy, with greening as one 
of the main goals, allowing employees to work in a 
green environment, and at the same time caring for 
green space maintenance and preservation, making 
the factory area an eco-friendly working environment.
At Hsinchu factory, between 3 and 5 staff seating 
area at every 50 staffs’ office would put up small 
plants, totaling about 30 pots in total. In addition, 
283 trees, 1,500 seedlings and plants were planted 
in the Hsinchu factory and the surrounding roads, 
and landscaped areas were set up on the 1
st, 4
th, and 
6
th floors of the factory.. In 2022, about 400 peony 
saplings were added to the roadside in the factory 
area. All public areas, except for the personal seating 
area, are maintained by a professional landscape 
company on a monthly basis.
Altek is located on Li-Hsin Road of Hsinchu Science Park, with Tuk Hsin Park adjacent to the back of the 
building. Chairman of Altek noticed this park lacked of maintenance and had a messy and disheveled 
landscape. Therefore, we coordinated with the Hsinchu Science Park Administration to sponsor and maintain 
this park, which has been in operation for more than 10 years and covers an area of approximately 0.4 
hectares.
Measures taken to maintain Tuk Hsin Park include:
A. Regular  mowing of turf.
B. Trimming of tree branches.
C. Planting of about 100 peony seedlings in some areas.
D. Fencing of turf around the parking lot to prevent damage to the turf by vehicle parking.
E. Regular cleansing and sweeping of road surface.
Altek main entrance     
Altek side entrance

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
｜
Chapter 4
Environmental Protection
77
Altek is committed to fulfilling its corporate social responsibility. As Tuk Hsin Park is located right behind the 
company building, greening the park is not only a great benefit to employees and the Company, but also 
enhances the environment of the whole community. An improved park environment will provide a better 
working environment for employees. Altek will continue to take responsibility for greening the environment 
and will continue to sponsor and manage Tuk Hsin Park to ensure landscaping and protection of the area.
A corner of Tuk Hsin Park parking lot   
A corner of Tuk Hsin Park

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
78
5
Social 
Inclusion
Corporate Labor 
Force Overview
Employee Rights and 
Benefits
Safe and Healthy Working 
Environment
Human Resource 
Development
Social Care and Well-being 
	
·Labor force 
profile
	
·Employee 
turnover
	
·Human rights and 
labor rights protection
	
·Salary and 
compensation
	
·Welfare measures
	
·Occupational safety and health 
management system
	
·Occupational hazard risk 
control
	
·Occupational health service
	
·Diversified training 
channels
	
·Performance 
and career 
development

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
79
｜
Chapter 5
Social Inclusion
Material topics
Human Rights
GRI index
Customized
Policy commitments
The Company complies with the Labor Standards Act, Act of Gender Equality in Employment, and supports the 
norms of various international human rights conventions, including the UN Universal Declaration of Human Rights, 
the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights, and ILO Declaration on Fundamental Principles and 
Rights at Work, etc., and provides good working conditions, respects human rights, and creates a work environment 
with dignity in order to protect employees' human rights.
Indicators and goals
	
·
Short-term goal: No differential treatment based on gender, race, age, marital and family status.
	
·
Medium-term goal: Provide good working conditions and create a work environment with dignity.
	
·
Long-term goal: Cooperate with the supply chain to protect labor rights.
Effectiveness 
tracking mechanism
	
·
Employee suggestion box
Annual actions and 
measures
	
·
Implement the vacation system and encourage colleagues to pay attention to work-life balance.
	
·
Provide colleagues with training on human rights protection and offer occupational safety training programs based 
on the situations encountered at the workplace.
Material topics
Compensation and Benefits
GRI index
GRI 202-1
Policy commitments
Altek has established a market-competitive salary level above the industry average and achieved profit-sharing 
through employee dividends. Meanwhile, depending on the operating conditions and employee performance, 
one performance bonuses are distributed annually, and we also provide benefits such as signing bonuses for 
outstanding talents and employee stock ownership trusts.
Indicators and goals
	
·
Short-term goal: Better than base salary and annual pay adjustment.
	
·
Medium- to long-term goal: Continuous planning of various employee benefits.
Effectiveness 
tracking mechanism
	
·
Remuneration Committee
	
·
Regulations for Remuneration of Directors and Functional Members
Annual actions and 
measures
	
·
In 2022, average annual salary for non-managerial full-time employees at Altek was nearly NT$1.3 million and 
average annual median salary was over NT$1.2 million, an increase of more than NT$10,000 from previous year. 
In addition, the ratio of annual total salary increase percentage for the Company's highest-paid employee to other 
employees' salary adjustment ratio is 1.18.

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
80
Material topics
Occupational Safety and Health
GRI index
GRI 403-1 ～GRI 403-10
Policy commitments
Compliance with laws and regulations, diligent improvement of manufacturing processes, and zero occupational 
accidents.
Indicators and goals
	
·
Short-term goal: Promote ISO 45001, zero occupational accidents in the factory, and 80% participation rate in 
annual health checkups in 2022.
	
·
Medium-term goal: Continuing to pass ISO 45001 certification, zero occupational accidents in the factory, 
reducing traffic accidents, and 90% participation rate in annual health checkups.
	
·
Long-term goal: Continuing to pass ISO 45001 certification, zero occupational accidents, and 95% participation 
rate in annual health checkups.
Effectiveness 
tracking mechanism
	
·
Passed ISO 45001 Occupational Safety and Health System and continuously implemented to verify compliance 
with occupational safety and health laws and regulations.
	
·
Continue implementing procedures of occupational safety system.
	
·
Continue implementing operational rules of occupational safety system.
	
·
Continue to pass occupational safety and health system certification every year.
Annual actions and 
measures
	
·
Please describe the implementation measures (such as the following) for impact management, results, goals 
achieved, and improvement plans.
	
·
Conduct preventive inspections using procedures and operational rules of occupational safety system to avoid 
accidents.
	
·
Preventive improvement measures for risks in the factory.
	
·
Continuing to pass ISO 45001 certification.
	
·
100% participation rate in annual health checkups in 2022.
	
·
Zero occupational accident in the factory in 2022.

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
81
｜
Chapter 5
Social Inclusion
Labor force profile
As of the end of 2022, the total number of employees of Altek Group worldwide was 528, a decrease of 15 
persons from the previous year, with a gender profile of 363 (68.75%) male employees and 165 (31.25%) 
female employees. We are also committed to developing a diverse and rich talent pool, including protecting 
the employment opportunities of disabled individuals, and recruiting and promoting employees by their ability 
and performance, to actively promote diversity and co-prosperity of ethnic groups and to enhance the overall 
competitiveness of the Company.
▼ Employment type at each region in 2022
Employee Category
 (Unit: no. of persons)
Taiwan
Other regions
Subtotal for each region
Total
Male
Female
Male
Female
Male
Female
By 
contract
Irregular employment
351
160
9
2
360
162
522
Fixed-term employment
3
3
0
0
3
3
6
By 
working 
hours
Full-time employment
 (full-time)
352
162
9
2
361
164
525
Part-time employment
 (part-time)
 2
1
0
0
2
1
3
No guaranteed hours 
(temporary workers)
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
Subtotal by category
354
163
9
2
363
165
528
1. Full-time: Employees with working hours of 40 hours per week according to the Labor Standards Act of  Taiwan.
2. Part-time: Employees with working hours less than 40 hours per week.
3. No guaranteed hours: Employees with no minimum or ﬁxed working hours, e.g., temporary workers, on-call. workers.
4. Other regions including Asia and Americas.
Note:
Corporate Labor 
Force Overview

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
82
Employee turnover
New employee statistics
Altek employed a total of 229 new employees in 2022 to meet the talent needs of the 
Company's continued growth. Among them, 115 are male and 114 are female, with 
25.7% of senior employees between ages 31 to 50.
▼Gender and age profile of new employees in 2022
Type
Taiwan
China
USA
Subtotal of age 
group
Male
Female
Male
Female
Male
Female
No. of 
persons
%
No. of 
persons
%[2]
No. of 
persons
%
No. of 
persons
%
No. of 
persons
%
No. of 
persons
%
No. of 
persons
%
Below 30 
years old
40
7.6%
42
8%
0.0%
0
0.0%
0
0.0%
0
0.0%
82
15.5%
31-50 
years old
67
12.7%
65
12.3%
1
0.2%
2
0.4%
1
0.2%
0
0.0%
136
25.7%
51 years 
old or 
above
6
1.1%
5
0.9%
0
0.0%
0
0.0%
0
0.0%
0
0.0%
11
2.1%
Subtotal 
by gender
113
21.4%
112
21.2%
1
0.2%
2
0.4%
1
0.2%
0
0.0%
229
43.3%
Note: Calculation of new employees: number of new employees by age and gender/total number of employees in that year

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
83
｜
Chapter 5
Social Inclusion
▼Labor rights related measures
Employee Rights and Benefits
Human rights and labor rights protection
The Company complies with the Labor Standards Act and other laws and regulations, and upholds the spirit 
of international human rights conventions etc. to carry out related operations, emphasize labor rights, and 
implement human resource utilization policies. Prohibition of child labor under age 16, prohibition of forced 
labor and any improper discrimination in hiring, no differentiation of treatment by gender, race, age, marital 
and family status, etc. Employee suggestion box was set up at HRM@altek.com.tw, to provide employees 
with a smooth communication channel anytime if any human rights or labor rights are violated.
Altek protects labor rights and interests, including minimum wage, working hours (including overtime), 
insurance, vacations, pension system, notice period for contract termination, freedom of association, 
and rights for collective bargaining, etc. and provides equal work opportunities and salaries without 
differentiation of race, color, gender, religion, politics, nationality, or social origin, etc. Altek also requires 
suppliers to comply with international standards and laws related to employment at its operating locations. 
In 2022, the Company and its suppliers did not have any significant risks or incidents of discrimination, child 
labor, forced labor, or other violations of labor rights.
Working hours
	
·
Full-time employees regularly work 8 hours per day and 40 hours per week.
	
·
If necessary to work overtime for special circumstances, regular working hours shall not exceed 12 hours a day; the total number of overtime 
shall not exceed 46 hours a month.
	
·
In accordance with the Labor Standards Act, employees working more than 8 hours a day are entitled to additional overtime pay, and 
employees may not be forced to work overtime.
Termination 
Policy
	
·
If an employee is required to terminate his/her employment, the Company will comply with Article 16 of the Labor Standards Act and terminate 
his/her employment contract with advance notice and provide him/her with severance pay and leave of absence for job search.
Labor-
management 
agreement
	
·
The Company and its subsidiaries have established a mechanism and channels for regular employee communication, and hold employee 
communication meetings irregularly. Communication channels are smooth, and no labor disputes have been reported.
	
·
The Company has formulated work rules in accordance with the Labor Standards Act for compliance by both labor and management, and these 
rules have been filed with the Hsinchu Science Park Administration, MOST.
Material changes 
in operations
	
·
For material operational changes affecting employees' rights and interests and countermeasures, measures are implemented after discussion at 
labor-management meetings.
	
·
During the reporting period, there were no material changes in the Company's operations.

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
84
▼Human rights related risk survey
Human rights issues 
and impact
Annual results and actions
Employees
Labor relations
Labor-management 
bargaining and 
complaint
Hold regular labor-management meetings to discuss employees' rights and benefits on a quarterly basis, and prepare minutes to follow-
up and improve related issues. In addition, we provide a variety of channels for employees to express their opinions, including a complaint 
e-mail address.
Salaries conform to 
laws and regulations
Strictly complying with labor laws and regulations in each location, prohibiting discrimination against employees by gender, race, 
nationality, age, religion, or party affiliation, the Company is committed to creating a fair and equal working environment, providing 
employees with equitable pay and benefits. In addition, we conduct salary adjustments through a systematic performance review 
system by taking into account factors such as employee performance, market standards, and future development potential, to motivate 
employees to work with passion, retain outstanding talent, and continue to promote innovation and development to enhance the 
Company's competitiveness.
Diversity and equality
Anti-discrimination
At Altek, we uphold the principle of equal opportunity and ensure that there is no discrimination in the process of recruiting, hiring, 
promoting and managing employees. We are committed to creating an open, diverse and inclusive work environment to maximize the 
company's potential. At the same time, we provide education, training and other measures to protect our employees from unlawful acts 
in performing their duties. In addition, the EAP program provides professional counseling and life support resources to take care of 
employees' physical and mental health, increase job satisfaction, and enhance employees' self-esteem.
Respect women
We respect the value of female employees in the workplace and believe gender equality is important. Therefore, in addition to strictly 
complying with relevant labor laws and regulations, we will also consider adjusting service items and environmental facilities for female 
employees due to their special physiological needs, and are committed to establishing a corporate culture of true gender equality. 
In addition, we implement a full maternal health protection program to include female employees during pregnancy, within one year 
of childbirth, or while breastfeeding, to ensure necessary protection and support for them. Through these measures, we believe our 
employees' work efficiency and morale will be improved, as well as attracting more excellent female talents to join us.

｜
Chapter 4
Environmental Protection
85
Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
Human rights issues 
and impact
Annual results and actions
Good working environment
Provide safe working environment 
and 
training for workers
Fire prevention, AED, and regular consultation with on-site doctors.
Employee health care
Provide health checkups that are more favorable than the law, and all employees with ≧1 year of service are eligible for a 
health checkup once a year.
No forced labor
Any form of forced labor is strictly prohibited and employees are guaranteed the right to terminate their labor contracts. As of 
2022, no forced labor of any kind has occurred at any of our operating locations.
No child and illegal labor
Child labor and illegal labor are strictly prohibited at all of our operating locations and global suppliers. We require proof of 
age from our employees and ensure students working with us comply with legal requirements. In addition, we ensure that our 
operating sites comply with local labor law requirements to protect workers' rights.
Freedom of association
Respect for employees' right to freedom of association and commitment to provide channels and environment for free 
expression of opinions. We encourage employees to effectively express their opinions and ideas through various labor-
management bargaining and complaint channels, such as labor unions, labor-management meetings and complaint 
procedures.
Provide barrier-free facilities for 
people with disabilities
Barrier-free facilities available in the building include wheelchair accessible ramps.

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
86
Salary and compensation
Remuneration policy:
Salary determining process:
Salary approval method:
To maintain overall salary competitiveness and 
to retain talented workers, Altek participates 
in annual market salary surveys and makes 
adjustments based on market salary levels, 
economic trends, and individual performance 
in order to provide market-competitive monthly 
salaries. In addition, we also provide other 
benefits, such as signing bonus for outstanding 
talents and employee stock ownership trust, 
bonus, etc., according to their duties and 
responsibilities, the Company's operation and 
individual performance, to assist employees 
in accumulating wealth. These measures 
encourage employees to cooperate with the 
Company to fulfill the sustainable operation.
The employees' compensation, including 
salaries, bonuses and compensation for 
employees, etc., is determined by their 
contributions, qualifications, operating results 
and responsibilities, and in reference to the 
industry standard. In addition, the Company's 
Articles of Incorporation stipulate that 10% to 
20% of the employees' compensation shall 
be distributed based on the current year's 
profitability. In 2022, average annual salary for 
non-managerial full-time employees at Altek was 
nearly NT$1.3 million and average annual median 
salary was over NT$1.2 million, an increase of 
more than NT$10,000 from previous year.
1.	Competitive salary level, including bonuses for Dragon Boat Festival, 
Mid-Autumn Festival and Year-end bonus, and a welfare system that is 
better than the law (including labor insurance/health insurance/pension 
contribution/group insurance).
2.	Fairness: The Company's salary system adheres to fairness and does not 
discrininate based on gender, race, nationality, etc.
3.	Bonus: Additional bonuses will be given to employees with outstanding 
performance.
1.	Set recruitment standards and conduct interviews according to labor 
requirements of the hiring unit.
2.	Qualified personnel enter the appointment process, and monthly and annual 
salaries are approved based on the employee's academic experience, 
internal and external salary comparisons, and expectations.
3.	The above salary approval must be approved by HR manager and the 
supervisor of hiring unit, and replied to the employee.
4.	If the position is for an indirect employee, it shall be submitted to the chairman 
of Board of Directors for approval, and for a direct employee working for a 
production line, it shall be submitted to the highest supervisor of the hiring 
unit for approval.
With reference to the starting salary standard of various academic qualifications 
without experience, WTW's salary report, internal information such as staff 
with equivalent academic qualifications, and current salary and expectation of 
the applicants. To motivate employees to perform and work actively, to retain 
talents and to reflect industry salary levels, the Company has a complete 
salary adjustment system. Salary adjustment proposal reference indexes for 
2022: Salary adjustment proposals are evaluated with reference to economic 
indicators, Willis Towers Watson Salary Survey, salary adjustments over the 
years, operating performance and costs, etc.

87
｜
Chapter 5
Social Inclusion
Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
▼nnual salaries of non-managerial full-time employees in the past 3 years
 Note: 1. Non-managerial full-time employees: Excludes directors, managers, and equivalent levels of employees.
            2. Annual salary: Includes base salary, meal allowance, three holidays bonus, performance bonus,
                overtime pay, and dividend, technical allowance, and supplementary pay. 
Year
Non-managerial full-time employees
No. of persons
Average salary
Median salary
2020
189
1,242,000
1,199,000
2021
204
1,261,000
1,198,000
2022
227
1,299,000
1,209,000
Increase/decrease over 
previous year
23
38,000
10,000

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
88
Welfare measures
Since established, Altek has always taken people-
oriented management as its principle. In addition to 
complying with relevant laws and regulations such as 
the Labor Pension Act and the Labor Standards Act, we 
actively respect and care for employees and continue 
to plan for various welfare measures, and also provide 
employees with the benefits of shareholding trusts.
Other welfare measures include: sound annual leave 
with pay, sick leave, maternity leave, flexible leave 
and other leave systems that are better than the Labor 
Standards Act; labor insurance, health insurance, 
and sound group insurance and dependent group 
insurance; flexible work schedules and regular 
employee health checkups; subsidies for weddings, 
childbirths, hospitalizations, funerals, etc.; gifts 
(coupons) for birthdays and festivals; special discounts 
at special stores; and the Company also engages 
qualified caterers to provide services to our employees, 
enabling employees to replenish their physical and 
mental strength while at work. 
▼Employee benefit measures
Insurance
	
·
Labor insurance, health insurance, group insurance, dependent group insurance, 
hospitalization and accident insurance
Leave of 
absence
	
·
National holidays, special leave, wedding, funeral, sick leave, personal leave, official 
leave, and parental leave in accordance with the Labor Standards Act.
Employee 
Stock 
Ownership 
Trust Plan
	
·
Employees may participate in the Employee Stock Ownership Trust plan after probation 
period. Actual number of employees and amount of restricted employee new shares to 
be allocated will be determined in reference to their years of service, position, evaluation 
results, overall contribution, special merits, or other conditions necessary for management 
purposes. Colleagues participating in the plan in accordance with the Company Act and 
the compliance requirements of the Securities and Futures Bureau will contribute a fixed 
amount from their monthly salaries, and the Company will also allocate public withdrawal 
funds and jointly deposit them in a dedicated trust account.
Retirement 
Pension 
System
	
·
In accordance with the Labor Standards Act and the Labor Pension Act, we have 
established a Labor Pension Fund Supervisory Committee and made monthly 
contributions to the Labor Pension Fund as required by law. In addition, since July 1, 
2005, we have been making monthly contributions to the Labor Pension Fund at no less 
than 6% of salaries in accordance with the Labor Pension Act.
Welfare 
subsidy
	
·
Congratulatory or funeral gift from the Company in the event of wedding or funeral of the 
employee or his/her relatives.
Festival gifts
	
·
Provide gifts for three holidays.
Recreational 
activities
	
·
Annual reunion, sports events, ball games, etc.
Leisure travel
	
·
Annual trips
Emergency 
relief
	
·
Provide employees applying for emergency relief funds, and distribute epidemic 
prevention supplies.

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
89
｜
Chapter 5
Social Inclusion
Parental leave
The Company has implemented the Act of Gender Equality in Employment in accordance with the law 
and protects employees' right to leave their jobs without pay for childcare. Any employee working a full 
month or longer may apply for parental leave until each of their children reaches age 3, but not to exceed 
2 years. During the period of leave without pay, employees can continue to participate in the existing social 
insurance. 
▼Parental leave statistics for 2022
Male
Female
Total
No. of persons eligible for parental leave in 2022
1（a）
8
5
13
No. of persons actually applying for parental leave in 2022（b）
0
0
0
Application rate（b/a）
0%
0%
0%
No. of persons expected to return to work after parental leave 
in 2022（c）
0
1
1
No. of persons actually returned to work in 2021（d）
0
1
1
Return to work rate（d/c）
0%
100%
100%
No. of persons actual return to work after parental leave in 
2021（e）
0
1
1
No. of persons return to work and continue to work for one 
year after parental leave in 2021
2（f）
0
0
0
Retention rate （f/e）
0%
0%
0%
Note: 1. Based on the number of employees applied for maternity or paternity leave in the past 3 years (2020-2022).
            2. Actual return to work in 2021 and continue to work for one year afterwards.
The Company has implemented 
the Act of Gender Equality in 
Employment in accordance with 
the law and protects employees' 
right to leave their jobs without 
pay for childcare

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
90
Diversified training channels
The Company has long been focusing on 
cultivating talents, according to organization 
and professional skills needs, emphasizing 
both management and professionalism, and 
planning and arranging relevant training 
programs, to improve employees' knowledge 
and skills, accumulate abundant human 
capital, and promote talents according to 
their capabilities, as well as to develop their 
career development.
Altek has formulated an annual training plan 
based on training needs as reflected in 
colleagues' performance evaluations, items 
needed to be strengthened for division work 
by management, and overall strategic training 
focuses for each R&D unit. By balancing 
the training needs of individuals, work and 
organization, all employees are able to obtain 
solid and diversified training in the Company.
To provide better educational quality, we 
conduct a feedback survey after each class, 
as a basis for improving the quality of the 
courses in the future. At the same time, we 
also encourage colleagues to participate in 
external training, including various seminars, 
professional training courses and continuing 
education courses, the Company will provide 
subsidies to expand personnel's self-learning 
level and stimulate work potential.
▼ Education and training programs
Professional skills 
training
To upgrade professional skills and techniques, and to increase work efficiency and performance.
Occupational 
safety and 
health training
To protect employees' health and safety and to meet the requirements of related national safety and 
health laws and regulations.
Quality 
training
To promote overall quality awareness and full participation in quality activities to ensure best quality 
products to satisfy customers' needs.
General 
training
To develop workers' intelligence in order to achieve the Company's overall operational goals, 
including personal language, computer, and potential stimulation courses.
New employee 
training
HR Division organizes company-wide education and training courses, including company policies, 
environment, systems, and cyber security, to help newcomers adapt to the environment.
Human 
Resource 
Development

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
91
｜
Chapter 5
Social Inclusion
Performance and career development
The Company emphasizes employees' career development, plans a complete promotion and salary 
system, and conducts regular employee performance evaluation. Employees working in the Company for 
more than three months will undergo two performance evaluations per year, focusing on job performance, 
employees' own career or continuing education planning, and other duties for discussion and evaluation, 
and linking the evaluation results to human resource management operations, such as salary adjustment, 
promotion, compensation, transfer, etc., to facilitate organizational function management and human capital 
development. Promotions are based on the performance and years of service recommendations, after 
submitting the reasons for promotion and substantial contributions. Upon approval, the promotion to be 
effective in March of each year.
▼ Employee training in 2022
▼On-the-job training course 
      and participation in 2022
Type of 
employee
Calculation method
Male
Female
Subtotal
Manager
Actual no. of persons during reporting period (A1)
9
1
10
Training hours during reporting period (B1)
19.5
2
21.5
hours during reporting period (B1/A1)
2.2
2
2.15
Non-
manager
Actual no. of persons during reporting period（A2）
252
117
369
Training hours during reporting period（B2）
1,621
679.5
2,300.5
Average training hours during reporting period
（B2 ／A2）
6.4
5.8
6.23
Total
No. of hours in reporting period (Q) 
1,640.5
681.5
2,322
Total no. of employees at the end of reporting period 
(R)
350
192
506
Average training hours per employee (Q/R)
4.7
3.5
4.6
Course type
Hours of 
courses
Participants
Basic training
294
147
Professional
1,318
595
General 
Training
361
292
Levels
94
47
Occupational 
safety and 
health law
255
85
Total
2,322
1,166

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
92
Safe and Healthy 
Working Environment
Occupational safety and 
health management system
To protect the safety of employees and prevent 
occupational accidents, Altek has established 
the ISO 45001 occupational safety and health 
management system in accordance with 
the Occupational Safety and Health Act to 
implement occupational safety management. 
T h e  o c c u p a t i o n a l  s a fe t y  a n d  h e a l t h 
management system covers workplace areas in 
the factories and offices of Altek, and regulates 
the activities of workplace related workers and 
outsourced workers, covering 100% of the 
workers.
In accordance with the Occupational Safety 
and Health Act and related regulations, the 
Company has established the "Work Rules 
for Occupational Safety and Health" and the 
"Occupational Safety and Health Management 
Plan", focusing on six major aspects of the work 
regulated by the Occupational Safety and Health 
Act to conduct effective management, and 
using PDCA (Plan-Do-Check-Act) cycle quality 
management to continually assess occupational 
hazards risks and improve the occupational 
safety and health management system, and then 
setting up occupational safety and health units, 
managerial staff, and first aid health care workers 
in each division according to the law in order to 
comprehensively prevent occupational accidents 
at work
▼Workers covered by the occupational safety and health management systemsafety 
       and health management system
Location
No. of employees
No. of non-employees
Subtotal
Hsinchu office
215
30
245
Taipei office
50
0
50
Total
265
30
295
Note: 1. The table shows the number of workers in Taiwan (monthly average in 2022), covering Taipei office and 
Hsinchu oﬃce, totaling 295 workers.
2. Calculation of coverage: total number of people covered by OSH system (employees + non-employees) / 
total number of workers in the company.
3. Non-employees, namely outsourced workers, are contracted to provide temporary labor services, such as 
operation dispatchers, equipment repair, food and beverage services, security and cleaning services.

93
｜
Chapter 5
Social Inclusion
Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
▼Occupational safety and health management highlights
Six major aspects 
Measures
Occupational 
safety and health 
education and 
training
1.	Conduct training for new employees and current employees on occupational safety and security respectively.
2.	Conduct relevant personnel education and training for occupational safety, first aid or specialist with occupational safety and health related 
certificates in accordance with the Occupational Safety and Health Act.
3.	Conduct occupational safety training for contractors and outsourced personnel (security/cleaning workers) required for performing their duties.
4.	Regular emergency response firefighting training for current employees, including briefings on firefighting and disaster prevention, operation of 
firefighting equipment/extinguishers, familiarity with escape routes, notification and first aid, and other regulatory and standardized operations.
Hazard 
identification and 
risk assessment
1.	Execute the process in accordance with ISO 45001 (Occupational Safety and Health Hazard Identification Risk Assessment Management 
Procedures), and risk assessment personnel in each division shall be conducted by certified ISO 45001 auditors or division personnel; and conduct 
the risk assessment every three years
2.	Conduct inspection for each operation at workplace, and create an inspection checklist based on environment, equipment, materials/chemicals, 
and hazard characteristics.
3.	Create hazard identification risk assessment form for identification and assessment of hazards that may cause occupational injuries or occupational 
diseases in operations inspection checklist.
Occupational 
safety and health 
internal audit and 
check
1.	For occupational safety issues reflected by colleagues, fill out the occupational safety opinion form for tracking occupational safety issues and 
improving deficiencies.
2.	When equipment is added or changed, colleagues are required to fill out a risk change request form to analyze the potential occupational safety 
hazards due to the change.
3.	Occupational safety auditors are assigned to each division to conduct occupational safety audits every year, and fill out an audit summary form for 
the audit results.
4.	The total occupational safety audit for each division was 21 items in 2022, with 100% passed rate.
5.	Conducted occupational safety system validation audit in 2022, and completed the system validation in February 2022.
Accident and 
disaster response
1.	Established the operational guidelines for accidents according to the occupational safety system, followed the procedures for notification and 
handling of accidents, analyzed the incidents, investigated the causes and reviewed and improved the situation.
2.	2 accidents were investigated in 2022, both of them were traffic accidents, and occupational safety personnel strengthened the promotion of this 
type of accidents during the on-the-job training of colleagues in order to prevent the hazards of traffic accidents.
Health 
management 
promotion 
activities
1.	Hold annual health checkups every year, the Company does not have any special hazardous operations.
2.	The Company employs on-site medical clinic in accordance with the Occupational Safety and Health Act, and conducts consultations or provides 
medical advice in response to the annual health checkups.
3.	Analyze the annual health checkups report and create a statistical table on adaptive work performance for middle-aged and elderly to facilitate risk 
analysis and diagnosis by on-site medical clinic.
Four major 
plans protection  
methods
1.	Established operational regulations for maternal health protection, abnormal workload, human factor hazards prevention programs, and prevention 
of unlawful assaults at work, all of which are carried out in accordance with the regulations.
2.	Commissioning on-site doctors to conduct education and training irregularly for four major plans of prevention.
3.	Conduct questionnaire surveys in coordination with annual health checkups focusing on operational regulations for abnormal workloads and human 
factor hazard prevention plans, and subsequently compile a high-risk list based on survey results and list it as an on-site medical consulting list to 
follow up and observe.

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
94
Occupational Safety and Health Committee
To protect employees' rights and interests, Altek has established an occupational safety and health 
committee in accordance with the requirements of the Regulations of Occupational Safety and Health 
Management. The committee consists of eight members, 1 occupational safety and health administrator, 
and 7 division chiefs, supervisors, and commanders, among which are 5 labor representatives, with the 
ratio of labor representatives being more than one-third.
The occupational safety and health committee's responsibilities are to enhance safety and health 
management standards and achieve safety management goals through planning, implementing, and 
evaluating and improving the occupational safety and health environment. The occupational safety and 
health committee holds quarterly meetings, and in 2022, the topics of the meetings included the following:
1.	 To make recommendations on occupational safety and health policies formulated by 
employers.
2.	 To coordinate and propose occupational safety and health management plans.
3.	 To deliberate safety and health education and training implement plans, work environment 
monitoring plans, monitoring results, and measures to be taken.
4.	 To deliberate health management, occupational disease prevention, health promotion, and 
various safety and health proposals.
5.	 To deliberate business unit automatic inspection, safety and health audit matters, and 
occupational disaster investigation report.
6.	 To deliberate preventive measures of hazards of machinery, equipment, raw materials, and 
materials.
7.	 To evaluate on-site safety and health management performance.
8.	 To deliberate contracted business safety and health management matters.
9.	 Other matters related to occupational safety and health management.
10.	Conduct training and awareness for job matters before the meeting.
11.	Description/promotion of epidemic prevention measures.

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
95
｜
Chapter 5
Social Inclusion
Occupational safety and 
health education and training
To ensure a healthy and safe working 
environment for our employees, 
the Company regularly conducts 
occupational safety training for new 
employees, current employees, and 
contracted workers, in order to provide 
all workers with the necessary safety 
knowledge for their work. The following 
table shows the occupational safety 
and health training plan for workers 
in 2022. In addition, in accordance 
with the relevant provisions of the 
Occupational Safety and Health Act 
and the Fire Services Act, the Company 
organizes a 3-hour on-the-job training 
on occupational safety and health and 
firefighting training for all employees in 
June and December each year, with a 
total of 296 participants and up to 1,080 
total training hours this year.
▼Workers' occupational safety and health training in 2022
▼Occupational safety and health general
      education training in 2022
▼Fire extinguisher hands-on training status in 20
Type of worker
Type of training
Training courses
Course hours
No. of 
participants
Total training 
hours
New 
employees
General training
Occupational safety training 
for new employees
3
213
639
Current 
employees
General training 
1
Occupational safety on-the-
job training
6
32
192
Firefighting training
6
32
192
Specific training
First aid training CPR/AED 
(refresher training)
3
7
21
Labor 
contractors
General training
Hazard general knowledge
 2
3
12
36
Total
21
296
1,080
Notes: 1. Includes occupational safety on-the-job training and ﬁreﬁghting training, which is a general course that includes: 
    ﬁrst aid, CPR, earthquake, ﬁre, traﬃc safety, and electrical safety, etc., followed by escape, ﬁreﬁghting, and notiﬁcation drills.
2. Hazard knowledge includes: environmental safety, chemical use, and equipment operation.

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
96
Occupational hazard 
risk control
The Company conducts hazard identification analysis 
and sets risk levels based on accident records of 
occupational hazards. The risk type of occupational 
safety hazards within the Company is mainly traffic 
accidents, with a total of 6 accidents that occurred in 
the past three years. Therefore, during occupational 
safety training for new and current employees, we 
▼ Hazard identification, analysis and improvement measures
Hazard 
identification
Hazard analysis
Risk 
level
Improvement measures
Machinery 
hazards
	
·
Unsafe environment or facilities: machines without safety 
protection mechanism
	
·
Crushing, cutting, friction, electric shock
Low
	
·
Wear and replace protective 
gear: machine, chemical
	
·
Education and training: machine, 
chemical, physical, human factor
	
·
Regular health checkups: human 
factor, physical
	
·
Rotation or temporary work 
changes: human factor
	
·
Reduced working hours: human 
factor, physical
Chemical 
hazards
	
·
Hazards of spraying with cleaning products by cleaners
	
·
Hazards of changing chemical sprays in cooling towers
Low
Physical 
hazards
	
·
Hazards arising from repetitive operations
	
·
Hazards arising from careless walking on slopes
Low
human 
factor 
hazards
	
·
Hazards of musculoskeletal injuries arising from repetitive 
postures at work.
	
·
Hazards of musculoskeletal injuries arising from lifting 
objects in the wrong position or by gravity.
Low
add the surrounding traffic accident-prone points to conduct 
detailed explanations, enabling employees to better understand the 
surrounding traffic accident points and how traffic accidents often 
occur. Occupational safety education and training for new employees 
is held the same day as they report for duty, while occupational safety 
education and training for current employees is held once every half a 
year.

97
｜
Chapter 5
Social Inclusion
Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
Regulations on occupational 
safety and health management for 
contractors
According to ISO 45001 "Requirement for 
Occupational Safety and Health Management by 
Contractors", contractors are required to fill out 
the "Application for Construction by Contractors" 
and provide relevant documents such as 
"Contractor's Safety and Health Management 
Statement" and "Confirmation of Safety and 
Health Promotion and Hazardous Factor 
Notification" which are required by ISO 45001 
"Requirement for Occupational Safety and Health 
Management by Contractors" before entering 
into the factory. Construction work can only be 
started after review at the consultation meeting.
During the construction period, occupational 
safety and health personnel visit the site 
irregularly to verify whether the construction 
personnel have complied with the "Regulations 
on Occupational Safety and Health Management 
for Contractors". For operations with higher 
dangers, they send a prior application for review 
and approval to reduce the chances of accidents 
and to facilitate subsequent inspections, 
supervision, and improvement to ensure the 
safety of the construction operation. If the same 
contractor violates the regulations for more 
than three consecutive times in a contracted 
project and refuses to correct the situation 
or causes a major occupational accident, it 
should be considered to replace the contractor. 
This management practice helps to improve 
operational quality and occupational safety 
standards of contractors and other practical 
needs.

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
98
Occupational accident response
To implement immediate response measures for occupational safety incidents and follow-up reviews, Altek follows ISO 45001 occupational safety and health management 
system for accident investigation and notification, with the following notification and response procedures to reduce recurrence risk of the same occupational accident.
1.	 Personnel of the unit where the accident occurs shall notify the division supervisor and send a workplace safety notification. The division supervisor 
shall fill out an "Accident Report Form" and report it to the safety and health office within 3 days from the date of the accident, or notify by phone 
or verbally if necessary. Except for necessary first aid and rescue, the scene shall not be moved or damaged without the permission of the judicial 
authority or labor inspection agency, and the integrity of the scene shall be maintained.
2.	 The Safety and health office shall determine whether the accident is a major occupational disaster, if so, it shall be notified to the local labor inspection 
agency within 8 hours.
3.	If a personnel or contractor is injured at work, the on-site supervisor or the supervisor of the contractor shall provide necessary assistance to the 
injured person.
4.	In addition to the notification, the unit supervisor shall conduct personnel and necessary resuscitation at the same time, but shall maintain the integrity 
of the accident scene for the relevant investigators to conduct evidence collection.
5.	In accordance with Article 18 of the "Occupational Safety and Health Act", to protect the right of workers to withdraw from the workplace, and to 
strengthen the promotion of the relevant rights during new employee education and training, and to ensure that personal health and safety is the first 
priority under all circumstances.
1.	 When conducting an accident investigation, the investigation report should include the person, incident, time, place, and related matters.
2.	 General occupational accidents shall be investigated jointly by the safety and health office and the division supervisor of accident occurred, together 
with the parties involved and relevant personnel, and if necessary, other units, such as contractors or engineers, may be requested to assist in the 
investigation.
3.	For major occupational accidents, the safety and health office will convene relevant personnel and labor representatives ("accident occurred division") 
to form an investigation team to conduct investigation.
4.	The investigation team formed by the safety and health office shall include the division supervisor of accident occurred, safety and health management 
personnel, and safety and health operation supervisor.
5.	The division supervisor shall fill out an "Accident Report Form" to investigate the accident and the true cause of the accident, and be reviewed and 
confirmed by the safety and health office, and if necessary, requested to amend the improvement measures.
1.	 After the "Accident Report Form" is sent to the safety and health office, the personnel in charge shall send the relevant information to the personnel unit, 
accident unit, responsible unit/person for improvement measures, and relevant units/persons.
2.	 Upon completion of improvement measures, hazard identification and risk assessment shall be conducted.
3.	The safety and health office and each unit shall advocate the results of the accident investigation or include them in the training materials of 
occupational safety and health, so as to strengthen the safety awareness of the employees.
4.	The HR Division will assist employees in applying for various insurance benefits or occupational disaster compensation or subsidies (in accordance 
with the relevant regulations), and other assistance.
5.	In accordance with the improvement items of the incident investigation and analysis report proposed by the Occupational Accident Investigation Team, 
each unit shall manage the tracking control until completiion of the improvement, and conduct an overall review and improvement in order to prevent 
the recurrence of similar incidents.
6.	The scene of a major occupational disaster shall be photographed and stored together with the investigation report, and sent to the labor safety office 
as case study materials for education and training, in order to prevent the recurrence of similar incidents.
▼ Accident investigation procedures
Cause 
tracking
Accident 
occurrence
Review and 
improve

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
99
｜
Chapter 5
Social Inclusion
Occupational injuries statistics 
and analysis
Analyzing the types of accidents in the past year, all of them were occupational injuries caused by traffic 
accidents. Therefore, the Company will continue to emphasize traffic safety in the occupational safety 
training for new employees as well as on-the-job training for employees, and continue to strengthen the 
safety supervision system.
 
The 3 traffic accidents in 2022 were not serious injuries. The Company provided employees with work 
injury leave without pay deduction, and the employees returned to work after a few days of rest. After the 
accidents, colleagues notified the division supervisors to inform the occupational safety personnel, and 
attached the documents such as the triplicate form of crime report, hospital diagnostic certificate, and the 
accident report, etc., following investigation by the occupational safety personnel, as case study materials 
for occupational safety training.
Step1.
Step2.
Step3.
The total working hours of Altek's employees 
in 2022 were 529,960, and the total recorded 
occupational injuries cases were 3, increased 
by 2 compared to 2021; 0 serious occupational 
injuries, and no fatal cases due to occupational 
injuries. The occupational injury statistics in the 
past 3 years were as follows.
▼Follow-up measures taken for 3 traffic accidents in 2022
A colleague was injured on the way to work 
when the vehicle in front of him came to an 
emergency stop and he braked sharply and 
fell to the ground. He notified the division 
supervisor and the police officer file a police 
report, went to the hospital by himself and 
attached the diagnostic certificate and other 
accident investigation information to the 
occupational safety personnel, who then 
conducted the accident investigation.
A colleague was injured on his way to work 
when a vehicle on the left side of the road 
made a sharp right turn without turning on its 
turn signal, resulting in the colleague being 
directly hit by a collision and falling to the 
ground, he immediately notified the division 
supervisor and the police officer to file a 
police report, went to the hospital by himself 
and attached the diagnostic certificate and 
other accident investigation information to 
the occupational safety personnel, who then 
conducted the accident investigation.
Colleague entered the company's basement 
at work due to rain and slippery in the parking 
lot was injured in a fall, he immediately notified 
the division supervisor and the police officer 
to file a police report, went to the hospital by 
himself and attached the diagnostic certificate 
and other accident investigation information to 
the occupational safety personnel, who then 
conducted the accident investigation. Followed by 
tidying up the parking lot floor and paving emery 
to increase floor friction to avoid recurrence of 
accidents.

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
100
▼ Statistics on occupational injuries of workers in the past 3 years
Year
2020
2021
2022
Type of worker
Employee
Non-employee
Employee
Non-employee
Employee
Non-employee
No. of persons
251
7
242
62
290
5
Total man hours
442,048
19,064
509,752
23,336
529,960
58,464
No. of recordable 
occupational injuries
0
0
1
0
3
0
Total recordable injury 
frequency rate
0
0
0.39
0
1.13
0
Type of Injury
None
None
Traffic accident
None
Traffic accident
None
1. Occupational injury refers to accidental injuries occurred by workers at work or in the workplace.
2. Total manhours: Calculate the total worked hours of all workers for the whole year; employees are calculated according to the total actual worked hours and overtime hours; 
non-employees (contracted and dispatched workers) are estimated by 8 hours per day × ( number of workers per month × number of workdays per month) for the whole year.
3. Serious occupational injuries: injuries caused by occupational injuries resulting in disability or inability to return to pre-injury health status within 6 months (excluding deaths).
4. Total Recordable Injury Frequency Rate (TRIFR) = number of recordable occupational injuries (including serious occupational injuries, fatalities and other recordable occupational 
injuries) × 200,000 ÷ total number of manhours.
5. Ratio of 200,000 working hours refers to the number of occupational injuries per 100 full-time workers in a year, based on the assumption of full-time workers with 2,000 worked 
hours in a year.
6. In the past 3 years, there were no "serious occupational injuries" among employees and non-employees, and no fatal accidents caused by occupational injuries.
Note:

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
101
｜
Chapter 5
Social Inclusion
▼ Statistics on frequency of disability rate and severity rate in the past 3 years
Year
Type of worker
No. of work days 
lost due to disabling 
injuries
Disabling 
frequency rate
（FR）
Disabling 
severity rate
（SR）
Frequency-severity 
indicator
（FSI）
2020
Employee
0
0
0
0
Non-employee
0
0
0
0
2021
Employee
180
0.39
70
0
Non-employee
0
0
0
0
2022
Employee
18
1.13
6
0
Non-employee
0
0
0
0
1. Lost workdays: number of days of inability to work (rest days); calculation basis includes public injury leave for occupational disasters, 
excluding sick leave and menstrual leave
2. Disabling Frequency Rate (FR) = number of disabling injuries × 200,000 ÷ total man hours (calculate to 2 decimal places, not rounded up )
3. Disabling Severity Rate (SR) = number of days lost due to disabling injuries × 200,000 ÷ total man hours (whole number, not rounded up)
4. Frequency-Severity Indicator (FSI) = √ [(FR × SR) ÷ 1,000]
5. Ratio of 200,000 working hours refers to the number of occupational injuries per 100 full-time workers in a year, based on the assumption of 
full-time workers with 2,000 worked hours in a year. (applicable to organizations with less than 500 employees)
Note:

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
102
Occupational health service
Occupational injury and 
disease prevention management
Altek's internal operations include office R&D and some 
simple assembly lines. Regular employee health checkups 
are conducted annually at an age better than stipulated 
by the Occupational Safety and Health Act, and are fully 
subsidized. Full-time employees with one year of service 
are eligible to participate in the health checkups, but non-
employee workers are not included. Health checkups items 
are also better than general physical checkups. There are no 
special hazardous operations within the company, so there 
are no special hazardous operations health checkups, and 
emergency medical services are provided in the workplace 
for any injuries regardless of personnel, such as medication 
provided to help cooks in the kitchen for burns and scalds, 
etc. Table below shows the health analysis and evaluation of 
the annual health checkups of colleagues.
 
▼ General health checkups for employees in the past 2 years (Unit: No. of employees)
Note: Full-time employees with one year of service are eligible to participate in the health checkups
Year
Number of 
persons
No. of on-
site medical 
and health 
personnel
Workload-triggered 
diseases hazard rating
Human factors musculoskeletal 
disorders hazard rating
Low hazard
Medium-high 
hazard
No 
hazard
Suspected 
hazard
Hazard
2021
178
9
141
37
172
6
0
2022
174
86
151
23
168
6
0
For those who are at medium or high risk of health checkups report, 
we have appointed on-site doctors to arrange time for consultation 
or provide preventive healthcare advice. Every year, we arrange on-
site doctors to give lectures on the four major plans of occupational 
safety and health promotion, and regularly arrange staff to receive 
occupational safety and fire fighting and disaster prevention training 
in order to enhance the performance of the factory environment 
safety and health and to develop the employees' emergency 
response capabilities and correct concepts of safety through 
continuous education, training and promotion. In the past 3 years, no 
occupational diseases or serious occupational fatalities have occurred 
among our employees or workers (non-employees).

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
103
｜
Chapter 5
Social Inclusion
Safety 
education
Environmental 
safety 
management
To reduce the risk of occupational accidents among employees, Altek implements safety education and 
environmental safety management measures through multiple channels, as described below:
▼ Diverted vehicle and motorcycle traﬃc ﬂow 
      on the road outside the factory in 2022
▼ B2 parking lot paved with emery to 
      increase friction
1.	 Conduct annual fire and emergency response drills to minimize personal and 
property losses in case of an emergency.
2.	 Appoint on-site doctors to conduct health awareness seminars on various 
civilization diseases, three highs, work pressure, etc., to enable employees to 
better understand their own health conditions.
3.	Contractors enter the factory to conduct construction work must comply with the 
Company's contractor management measures, such as elevated work must use 
construction racks or self-propelled vehicles, wear safety belts and helmets, and 
other safety measures.
1.	 In 2022, in view of the traffic chaos at the intersection of the Company, reflected 
to the Hsinchu Science Park Bureau to improve traffic lights and traffic lanes, 
and also held regular traffic safety seminars.
2.	 Installed access control card system, ID card is required to enter and exit the 
control door, and colleagues have different authorization to carry out various 
area control.
3.	Security guards check the vendors and visitors before they entering the lobby, 
and then fill out the visitor's information and purpose after entering the lobby, 
accompanied by colleagues, in order to facilitate the entry and exit control 
measures.
4. To avoid the parking lot floor from being slippery due to rainy days, in 2021 and 
2022, the B1 and B2 parking lots were repaved with emery to avoid colleagues 
from falling while riding their motorcycles.

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
104
Health promotion and care
To promote the health of all workers, Altek actively 
integrates internal and external resources to provide 
multiple services and programs to help employees 
work in a comfortable and safe environment.
In 2022, we held two health-related seminars, 
"Diseases triggered by abnormal workload" and 
"Basic concepts of first aid and timing of the use 
of CPR and AED". For the environment, in order 
to create a friendly environment where employees 
can relax and relieve stress, Altek has added large-
scale indoor potted plants in the office areas on 
each floor, as well as embellished small potted 
plants in the public areas, which are replaced 
seasonally by the landscape vendor, enabling 
our colleagues to work under greenery, and relax 
properly during the work period. In addition, 
we optimize the office area irregularly, such as 
setting up indoor gardens and aerial landscape 
areas, regularly maintaining fitness equipment, 
and encouraging colleagues to participate in club 
activities, creating a more comfortable, healthy and 
safe workplace environment.
▼ Indoor garden on 4
th ﬂoor
▼ Outdoor garden landscaped area outside 
      the restaurant on the 6
th ﬂoor
With regard to health, it has been over three years since COVID-19 pandemic outbreak. Altek 
has followed the announcement of the Central Epidemic Command Center to carry out various 
internal regulations, as well as the following prevention measures. In addition, in cooperation 
with a disinfection company, regularly carry out environmental cleaning and disinfection, 
quarterly rodent and vector mosquito control, as well as kitchen, pantry and garbage room 
disinfection and sterilization, to avoid mosquitoes, flies and the spread of bacteria; water 
dispensers on all floors are also regularly maintained and filter replaced on a monthly basis, 
and a third party is commissioned to carry out quarterly water quality testing; the factory strictly 
implements the garbage classification system, and removes the general household garbage 
and recyclable materials weekly, and  the general household garbage storage room is cleaned 
and disinfected weekly by the cleaning staff. To ensure health and safety in the workplace.

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
105
｜
Chapter 5
Social Inclusion
▼ Regular disinfection and vector mosquito control
▼ Prevention measures
1.	 During the pandemic period, visitors and delivery personnel are controlled to enter and exit and have 
to fill out the epidemic prevention form to enter.
2.	 Employees are required to take body temperature before work, and subsequently, the Epidemic 
Prevention Center relaxed body temperature measurement, allowing them to take temperature by 
themselves without compulsion.
3.	 For outsourced personnel (security / cleaning) every week to provide fast screening reagent, and must 
be confirmed negative before entering the factory.
4.	 For the production line personnel, provided fast screening reagent test every Monday , and must be 
confirmed negative before entering the factory, and during the period of time, for those who have close 
contact with colleagues confirmed, need another fast screening to confirm being negative before 
continuing to work.
5.	 For production line personnel and indirect personnel to conduct diversion to and from work
6.	 Indirect staff were divided into A and B shifts in each division during the outbreak of the pandemic.
7.	 During the pandemic period, all meetings and interviews were conducted internally or externally by 
telephone and video software.
8.	 During the pandemic period, the cafeteria was closed, and meals were served in the form of 
lunchboxes, to be taken to the seats to eat.
9.	 During the pandemic period, club activities and fitness facilities were temporarily closed.
10.	During the pandemic period, if colleagues did not bring masks with them temporarily or the masks 
were damaged, they could go to the reception desk to get free masks, the Company also produced 
masks and distributed to all colleagues, and colleagues could ask for another one if they had special 
needs.

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
106
"Altek Corporation Charitable Trust Foundation" aims to 
contribute to and benefit the society, effectively utilize the 
Company Group's resources to give back to the society, 
actively participate in public welfare activities, and fulfill its 
corporate social responsibility. In 2022, Altek implemented 
the "Medical Charity" program and donated it to the "Taiwan 
Health Foundation" hoping to promote medical knowledge, 
provide health information, access to medical services and 
assistance, advocate disease prevention and treatment, 
and support medical research and other related activities, 
constantly integrating social assistance and caring power to 
promote national health and social well-being.
In 2022, Altek donated the “children's open heart surgery 
fund” at Mackay Memorial Hospital. Congenital heart 
disease occurs in about 8 to 10 out of 1,000 newborns, and 
the types of congenital heart disease are quite complex. 
Although health insurance has alleviated many of the 
medical costs, it is still a heavy burden and pressure for 
many families. By donating to the hospital, Altek hopes to 
help children with heart disease receive proper treatment 
and reduce other costs incurred during the medical process, 
such as other medical, assistive device, living, nutrition and 
care costs, to solve the financial difficulties faced by at-risk 
families, and to promote their physical and mental growth 
and improve their quality of life.
In addition, Altek also donated funds to the Squash Rackets 
Association of Chinese Taipei to sponsor underprivileged 
children to par ticipate in squash tournament s, 
infrastructure construction and training programs.
Social Care and 
Well-being

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
107
｜
Chapter 5
Social Inclusion
▼2022 Altek donated NT$500,000 to the “children's open heart surgery fund” at Mackay Memorial Hospital.

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
108
Item
Association name 
Membership
1
The Allied Association for Science Park Industries
Member
2
EATD
Member
3
Taiwan Rotary Clubs Association Taipei Tunghua
Member
4
ONVIF (Open Network Video Interface Forum)
Member
5
Taipei Medical Instruments Commercial Association
Member
6
U.S. Food and Drug Administration
Member
GRI-referenced Claim
Altek has complied with the GRI Standards for reporting content for the period January 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022.
Selected GRI
GRI 1: Foundation 2021
GRI Sector Standards
None
GRI Index
Disclosure Items
Corresponding sections
Page
GRI 2: General Disclosures 2021
GRI 2-1
Organizational details 
Note
About Us
P.16
GRI 2-2
Entities included in the organization’s sustainability reporting 
Note
Reporting Boundary and Scope
P.6
GRI 2-3
Reporting period, frequency and contact point 
Note
Contact Information
P.6
GRI 2-4
Restatements of information 
Note
Report Overview and Frequency
P.6
GRI 2-5
External assurance 
Note
Reporting Responsible Unit and Quality Management Approach
P.7
GRI 2-6
Activities, value chain and other business relationships
Business Items
P.20
GRI 2-7
Employees
Labor force profile
P.81
GRI 2-8
Workers who are not employees
Labor force profile
P.92
Membership associations
GRI Standards Index
General Disclosures
Note: Omitted reasons may not be used 
▼ Associations and Initiative with meaningful engagement role

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
109
｜
Appendix
GRI Index
Disclosure Items
Corresponding sections
Page
GRI 2: General Disclosures 2021
GRI 2-9
Governance structure and composition
Governance structure
P.36
GRI 2-10
Nomination and selection of the highest governance body
Composition and election of the Board of Directors
P.38
GRI 2-11
Chair of the highest governance body
Conflicts of interest
P.40
GRI 2-12
Role of the highest governance body in overseeing the
management of impacts
Sustainability promotion team
P.44
GRI 2-13
Delegation of responsibility for managing impacts
Sustainability promotion team
P.44
GRI 2-14
Role of the highest governance body in sustainability 
reporting
Reporting Responsible Unit and Quality Management Approach
P.7
GRI 2-15
Conflicts of interest
Conflicts of interest
P.40
GRI 2-16
Communication of critical concerns
Composition and election of the Board of Directors
P.38
GRI 2-17
Collective knowledge of the highest governance body
Board continuing education
P.41
GRI 2-18
Evaluation of the performance of the highest governance 
body
Board performance evaluation
P.42
GRI 2-19
Remuneration policies
Remuneration policy for directors and managers
P.42
GRI 2-20
Process to determine remuneration
Remuneration Committee
P.43
GRI 2-21
Annual total compensation ratio
Highest annual remuneration of the organization / Median annual remuneration of 
all employees (minus the highest paid 1 person) = 3.04
Annual compensation change ratio : 15% increase in annual total compensation of 
the highest paid individual of the organization / 10% increase in annual median total 
compensation of all employees (minus the highest paid 1 person) = 150
GRI 2-22
Statement on sustainable development strategy
Sustainability commitments and strategies
P.18
GRI 2-23
Policy commitments
Policy commitments
P.36
GRI 2-24
Embedding policy commitments
Policy commitments
P.36
GRI 2-25
Processes to remediate negative impacts
Complaints and suggestions channels
P.48
GRI 2-26
Mechanisms for seeking advice and raising concerns
Ethical Management
P.45
GRI 2-27
Compliance with laws and regulations
Compliance with laws and regulations
P.47
GRI 2-28
Membership associations
Membership associations
P.108
GRI 2-29
Approach to stakeholder engagement
Stakeholder Engagement
P.11
GRI 2-30
Collective bargaining agreements
Although Altek does not have a labor union or collective bargaining, we are 
committed to promoting labor-management communication and mutual respect.

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
110
GRI Index
Disclosure Items
Corresponding sections
Page
GRI 3: Material Topics 2021
GRI 3-1
Process to determine material topics 
Note
Material Topics Analysis
Stakeholder Engagement
Material Topics Identification and Priority Ranking
P.10、P.11、P.12
GRI 3-2
List of material topics
Note
Changes in material topics in 2022
GRI 3-3
Management of material topics
Please refer to the management information of each material topic 
GRI Index
Disclosure Items
Corresponding sections
Page
GRI 202: Market Presence 2016
GRI 202-1
Ratios of standard entry level wage by gender 
compared to local minimum wage
Salary and compensation
P.86
GRI 308: Supplier Environmental Assessment 2016
GRI 308-1
New suppliers that were screened using environmental criteria
Supplier Risk Assessment
P.58
GRI 403: Occupational Health and Safety 2018
GRI 403-1
Occupational health and safety management system
Occupational safety and health management system
P.92
GRI 403-2
Hazard identification, risk assessment, and incident investigation
Occupational hazard risk control
Occupational accident response
P.96、P.98
GRI 403-3
Occupational health services
Occupational injury and disease prevention management
P.102
GRI 403-4
Worker participation, consultation, and communication on 
occupational health and safety
Occupational Safety and Health Committee
Occupational safety and health education and training
P.94、P.95
GRI 403-5
Worker training on occupational health and safety
Occupational safety and health education and training
P.95
GRI 403-6
Promotion of worker health
Health promotion and care
P.104
GRI 403-7
Prevention and mitigation of occupational 
health and safety impacts directly linked by 
business relationships
Occupational safety and health management system
P.92 
Note: Omitted reasons may not be used
Material Topics Disclosure

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
111
｜
Appendix
GRI Index
Disclosure Items
Corresponding sections
Page
GRI 403-8
Workers covered by an occupational health and safety management 
system
Occupational safety and health management system
P.92
GRI 403-9
Work-related injuries
Occupational injuries statistics and analysis
P.99
GRI 403-10
Work-related ill health
Occupational injury and disease prevention management
P.102
GRI 416: Customer Health and Safety 2016
GRI 416-1
Assessment of the health and safety impacts of product and service 
categories
Quality management policy
P.57
GRI 416-2
Incidents of non-compliance concerning the health and safety 
impacts of products and services
Not Applicable
GRI Index
Disclosure Items
Corresponding sections
Page
GRI 302: Energy 2016
GRI 302-1
Energy consumption within the organization
Energy Management
P.68
GRI 302-3
Energy intensity
Energy Management
P.68
GRI 303: Water and Effluents  2018
GRI 303-1
Interactions with water as a shared resource
Water Resources Management
P.71
GRI 303-3
Water withdrawal
Water withdrawal
P.71
GRI 303-4
Water discharge
Water discharge
P.72
GRI 303-5
Water consumption
Water consumption
P.72
GRI 305: Emissions 2016
GRI 305-2
Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions
GHG emission
P.69
GRI 305-4
GHG emissions intensity
GHG emission
P.69
Voluntary Disclosure Items

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
112
Topic
Accounting Metrics
Category
Unit of Measure
Code
Conformity
Product Safety
Describe the methods for identifying product information 
safety risks
analysis and 
discussion
Not applicable
TC-HW-230a.1
Not applicable
Employee Diversity 
& Inclusion
(1) Management, (2) Technical Staff, and (3) All Other 
employees % by gender, % by race
Quantitative
Percentage (%)
TC-HW-330a.1
Employee Diversity
Product Lifecycle 
Management
% of income from IEC 62474 declarable substances for 
products
Quantitative
Percentage (%)
TC-HW-410a.1
Not applicable
% of sales from EPEAT-registered or equivalent products
Quantitative
Percentage (%)
TC-HW-410a.2
Not applicable
% of sales from ENERGY STAR® certified products
Quantitative
Percentage (%)
TC-HW-410a.3
Not applicable
Weight of end-of-life products, weight of recycled E-waste, 
% of Recycling
Quantitative
Metric tons (t)
Percentage (%)
TC-HW-410a.4
Weight 0.83 tons, end of life
Supply Chain 
Management
Conduct Tier 1 supplier facility audit percentages from 
(a) all facilities and (b) high-risk facilities using the RBA 
Validated Assessment Program (VAP) or equivalent.
Quantitative
Percentage (%)
TC-HW-430a.1
Not applicable to RBA
Tier 1 supplier1's (a) priority noncompliance, and (b) other 
noncompliance (1) RBA VAP or equivalent noncompliance 
rate and (2) relevant corrective action rate
Quantitative
ratio
TC-HW-430a.2
Not applicable to RBA
Materials Sourcing
Describe the management risk analysis and discussion 
related to the use of critical materials.
analysis and 
discussion
Not applicable
TC-HW-440a.1
Not applicable
Activity metrics
Category
Unit of Measure
Code
Number of units produced by product category
Quantitative
Quantity
TC-HW-000.A
Economic performance
Manufacturing facility area
Quantitative
Square feet 
(ft2)
TC-HW-000.B
53574.99 ft²
% of products from owned facilities
Quantitative
Percentage (%)
TC-HW-000.C
As the Company's 
business is mainly 
outsourced manufacturing 
and then shipment to 
customers, the percentage 
is 100%.
SASB Standards Index
Hardware industry

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
113
｜
Appendix
Code
Metric
Type
Unit
Disclosure
1
Total energy consumption, percentage of purchased 
electricity and utilization rate of renewable energy
Quantitative
Gigajoules (GJ), 
Percentage (%)
Total energy consumption was 216.489 GJ, 
percentage of purchased electricity was 
3.78%, and no renewable energy was used.
2
Total water withdrawal and consumption
Quantitative
Thousand cubic 
meters (m³)
Total water withdrawal was 18.2 thousand 
cubic meters.
Total water consumption was 10 thousand 
cubic meters.
3
Weight of hazardous waste generated and recycled 
percentage
Quantitative
Metric tons (t), 
Percentage (%)
Hazardous waste was 0.03 metric tons, 
accounting for 0.09% of all wastes
4
occupational hazards by type, number of persons, 
and rate
Quantitative
Rate (%), Quantity
Occupational accidents type is traffic 
accidents, with 3 persons, accounting for 
1.13%.
5
Disclosure of product lifecycle management: Weight 
of end-of-life products and e-waste and recycling 
percentage (Note 1).
Quantitative
Metric tons (t), 
Percentage (%)
Weight was 0.83 tons, end of life
6
Description of risk management related to the use of 
critical materials
Qualitative 
description
Not applicable
In case of port congestion of raw materials 
or goods, the Company coordinates with 
suppliers to transfer their inventory to other 
ports or to ship by air, and if costs rise, the 
Company will purchase raw materials from 
lower-priced regions or locally.
7
Total amount of monetary losses arising from litigation 
in relation to the Anti-Competitive Conduct Ordinance
Quantitative
Reporting currency
None
8
Major product output by product type	
Quantitative
Varies by product type
Economic performance
Sustainability Disclosure Metrics
Optoelectronics Industry
Note 1: A description should be provided for the sale of scraps or other recycling treatment.

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
114
No.
Item
Implementation status
1
Describe the board of directors' and management's oversight and governance of climate-related risks and 
opportunities.
Disclosed, please refer to 
the "Climate-related Financial 
Disclosures" section of this report.
2
Describe how the identified climate risks and opportunities affect the business, strategy, and finances of the 
business (short, medium, and long term).
3
Describe the financial impact of extreme weather events and transformative actions.
4
Describe how climate risk identification, assessment, and management processes are integrated into the overall risk 
management system.
5
If scenario analysis is used to assess resilience to climate change risks, the scenarios, parameters, assumptions, 
analysis factors and major financial impacts used should be described.
6
If there is a transition plan for managing climate-related risks, describe the content of the plan, and the indicators 
and targets used to identify and manage physical risks and transition risks.
7
If internal carbon pricing is used as a planning tool, the basis for setting the price should be stated.
No internal carbon pricing
8
f climate-related targets have been set, the activities covered, the scope of greenhouse gas emissions, the 
planning horizon, and the progress achieved each year should be specified. If carbon credits or renewable energy 
certificates (RECs) are used to achieve relevant targets, the source and quantity of carbon credits or RECs to be 
offset should be specified.
Disclosed, please refer to 
the "Climate-related Financial 
Disclosures" section of this report.
9
Greenhouse gas inventory and assurance status
Climate-Related 
Information of TWSE/TPEx Listed Company
▼Climate-related risks and opportunities for the Company and response measures taken

Altek Corporation  2022 ESG Report
115
｜
Appendix
Independent Assurance Opinion Statement
