ESG Report
Wisdom
Marine Group
2021

2 0 2 1
Wisdom Marine Group
ESG Report

In order to realize its corporate social responsibilities and promote its competitive advantages based 
on sustainable development, Wisdom Marine Lines Co., Ltd. ( hereinafter referred to as “ Wisdom 
Marine” or the “Company”) has compiled this “ESG Report” (hereinafter referred to as the “Report”), 
which discloses the Company’s strategies, achievements, and future objectives concerning corporate 
governance, as well as the economy, environment, and society.
Editorial Principles
This report is prepared in accordance with the core option of the GRI Standards issued by the Global 
Reporting Initiative (GRI), the Report discloses information according to the Marine Transportation 
Standards 2018 issued by the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB), and provides an 
index of indicators for review.
Reporting Period and Circulation Cycle
The 2021 ESG Report was published in June 2022 and the disclosure period is between 1 January 2021 
and 31 December 2021. The Company’s ESG report is issued annually. The publication date of the 2020 
annual report was June 2021, and that of the 2022 annual report is expected to be June 2023.
Reporting Scope
The financial and non-financial information in the Report concerns the group as a whole and includes 
the subsidiaries of Wisdom Marine Lines (see Chapter 1.1 Company Overview).
Information and Data Quality Management
All information and data in the Report have been compiled and checked by the ESG members of each of 
the Company’s departments, reviewed and approved by the ESG Committee to ensure the correctness 
of the disclosed information, and reported to the Board of Directors (the Board) on a regular basis. The 
financial data in the Report are based on the consolidated financial report issued by Ernst & Young 
Taiwan, and are expressed in the United States Dollar, unless otherwise specified.
Contact
Administration Department
Address / Room 711, 7th Floor, No. 237, Fu-Hsing South Road Sec. 2, Taipei, Taiwan
Tel / (02) 2755-2637
Email / ir@wisdomlines.com.tw
Website / http://www.wisdomlines.com.tw/
About this Report
C o n t e n t s
About this Report
03
Message from the Chairman
04
1  About Wisdom
1.1 Company Profile
1.2 Governance Structure
1.3 Sustainable Business Policies
 
and Philosophies
1.4 Economic Performance
1.5 Disclosure of Climate-related
 
Financial Information
06
2  Risk Management and 
 Stakeholder Engagement
2.1 Risk Assessment and Control 
2.2 Stakeholders Engagement 
2.3 Material Topics
2.4 Participation in External Organizations 
22
3  Shipping Management
3.1 Supply Chain Management 
3.2 Maritime Safety
3.3 Transport Quality
3.4 Investment in Eco Ships 
44
4 Marine Environment
 Sustainability
4.1 Energy
4.2 Emissions
4.3 Environmental Impact
 
of the Transport Process
4.4 Compliance with Environmental Laws
 
and Regulations
59
5 Talent Development
5.1 Management of Shore-based Staff
5.2 Seafarer Management
72
SASB Content Index
GRI Content Index
87
About this Report
03

Message from Chairman
I. External Operating Environment
2021 was a fruitful year for bulk shipping. As the COVID-19 pandemic gradually stabilizes, governments 
worldwide encouraged consumption and investment to stimulate their economy, driving up the demand 
for dry bulk vessels. However, port quarantine and closure, as well as delayed seafarer arrangements 
under the pandemic still affected the ship turnover and logistics operations, further causing supply and 
demand imbalances in the already strained ship transport industry. Since it takes a long time to build a 
new ship, it is still difficult to rapidly increase the supply in shipping capacity in the short and medium 
terms. Therefore, the freight rates for dry bulk carriers of different type also gradually increases along 
with gradually rising investment and consumption in various countries. In October 2021, the BDI once 
surpassed 5,500 points, its highest level since 2008.
The imbalance between the supply and demand of dry bulk vessels has been exacerbated by the downturn
caused by the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020, as well as the years-long market downturn and dampened 
investor confidence. In recent years, the new environmental laws and regulations have also increased 
the newbuilding costs and uncertainties. In 2021, while high freight rates in the dry bulk shipping market 
offered more attractive incentives for investors, container shipowners invested more in building ships, 
which had higher unit prices. Most builders’ still see container carriers and LPG ships making up the bulk 
of their new orders at present., and growth in dry bulk ship orders is limited. Environmental initiatives, which 
continue to be driven by global warming, also cast uncertainty in future investment directions.
The shipping industry has been facing more and more environmental regulatory requirements on ballast 
water and the emissions of nitrogen oxides and sulfur, etc. in recent years. Currently, the environmental 
protection and energy-saving standards of newbuilding have improved considerably from the past. At a 
time when the issue of global warming is becoming increasingly pressing, the following major issue 
that affects the shipping industry is carbon emissions. Uncertainties surrounding the forthcoming
implementation from 2023 of the Energy Efficiency Existing Ship Index (EEXI) and the Carbon Intensity 
Index (CII) are looming with regard to the division of responsibilities and response strategies in the 
industry chain, which is likely to subsequently impact the supply side, such as vessel speed reduction. 
The pace of global carbon reduction has not slowed down. Currently, there are still initiatives such as the 
2050 net-zero emissions, the EU carbon tax, and the fuel carbon tax, which all have supporters. In addition
to enhancing its energy-saving equipment, the shipping industry must also consider the possibility of 
alternative fuels in order to potentially achieve the goal of zero carbon emissions. However, the use of 
alternative energy sources such as LNG is subject to vessel design. At a time when the future standards 
remain unclear, there is also significant uncertainty about the direction of investment in newbuilding, and 
the willingness to invest in newbuildings is also repressed to a certain extent. At the end of 2021, the 
number of newbuilding orders only amounted to only 6.5% of the total orders, while bulk carriers older 
than 20 years already accounted for 10.1% of the total number of bulk carriers. The supply shortfall was 
actually the highest in recent years. It may be difficult to alleviate the underlying situation of a supply 
shortfall for dry bulk vessels in the short term.
II. Operating Results in 2021
In 2021, the Company had a total of 7 newbuilding, sold 10 vessels, and added 1 management vessel. 
The Company’s operating fleet underwent a net annual decrease of 2 vessels, and the total number at 
the end of the year was 134. The 7 newbuilding included 2 Kamsarmax, 1 Supramax, 3 Handysize, and 
1 LPG carrier. The sold vessels were mostly small and older Handysize, except for 1 Kamsarmax.
In 2021, the bulk shipping market continued the upward trend in the second half of 2020. Slowly rising 
BDI helped the Company renew a series of contracts and allowed our self-operated fleet to benefit as 
well. The Company’s operating profit margin increased from an average of 28.0% in the first quarter to 
52.0% on average in the fourth quarter. In 2021, due to greater market volatility, the Company’s operatin
strategy was mainly to maintain flexibility. Apart from fixing longer and index-linked contracts with long 
term clients, the Company kept the length of most fixed rate charters to one year or under. The Company’s
revenue for the year amounted to USD 686.1 million, up 69.3% year on year, net operating profit was 
USD 296.2 million, surging nearly sixfold from the previous year, and operating profit margin reached 
43.2%, a record high.
In terms of non-operating income and expenses, while it sold a total of 10 vessels, most were old and in 
total US$2.36 million were recognized in losses. During the year, the charterer terminated the charter of 
five vessels and paid compensation due to long-term operational considerations. The Company also 
recognized impairment in consideration of long-term income prospects, with USD 28.9 million in the 
related net non-operating income. With sufficient operating funds, the Company also reduced its liabilities
at the same time. At the end of 2021, the Company’s asset-liability ratio reached 57.9%, down some 10% 
year on year, and its total annual interest expense also declined by USD 10 million compared to the
previous year. In 2021, the Company's net profit before tax amounted to USD 296.4 million, and its earnings
per share of $11.09 were the highest since its listing.
Operating Plans for 2022
The Company expects to have 6 more newbuilding delivered in 2022, including 3 Kamsarmax and 3 
Handysize, all of which are built by Japan’s premier shipyards, such as JMU, Tsuneishi, and Onomichi. 
The upcoming vessels will include 3 eco-ships that comply with the Tier III NOx emission standards.
The Company expects the market to remain stable in 2022, in which it will be
able to continue with a more flexible chartering strategies and a combination
of mainly shorter terms and index linked. If the difference between the long-
term charters and the spot price narrows, the Company will also consider
locking some long term fixed rate charters. Although there have been more
activities on the second hand market, they still do not sufficiently reflect the
recent freight levels, so if the selling prices of vessels are dis-satisfactory, the 
Company will remain on continuing operations.
Benefiting from an increase in its operating cash flow, the
Company will continue to reduce its debt ratio; however,
since most of its shipping loans are long-term liabilities, it 
will still prioritize the repayment of its short-term liabilities.
Aside from that, concerning the necessary equipment
investments for carbon reduction and other environmental
requirements after 2023, the Company is also discussing
medium-term solutions with its long-term clients. This is so
that the Company will further meet the challenges of the
post-COVID-19 era by ensuring its long-term competitiveness
in terms of financial and environmental compliance.
 
Chairman
Message from Chairman
05
04
Message from Chairman
Message from Chairman

NT$7.5 billion
(USD 240 million)
NT$19.2 billion
(USD 690 million)
163 shore 
seafarers,
2,623 nautical 
seafarers
134 vessels 
with 6.7 million 
in total tonnage
7 million
nautical miles
39.6
million tons
Capital
Revenue
Number of 
employees
Fleet size
Sailing
mileage
Tonnage
Cape
110,000 or more 
3
Panamax
67-109,999 
29
Supramax
50-66,999 
28
Handysize*
30-49,999 
35
Small Handy
29,999 or less 
35
Other
LPG carriers, RoRo ships, container ships,
passenger ships, etc. 
4
Vessel type
Deadweight tonnage (DWT)
Number 
of ships
SDG 8 Dignified Work and Economic Growth
Contributions and Highlights /
● The Company’s net operating profit for 2021 amounted to USD 295.6 million,
 and net profit was USD 295.1 million.
1
1.1 Company Profile |07
1.2 Governance Structure |09
1.3 Sustainable Business Policies
 
 and Philosophies |13
1.4 Economic Performance |16
1.5 Disclosure of Climate-related
 
Financial Information |19
1.1 Company Profile
Wisdom Marines Lines Co., Ltd. is the parent company of Wisdom Marine Group ( the Group ). The
Company is mainly engaged in ship chartering and management, and mitigates market risks through a 
diversified fleet and flexible operating model.
At the end of 2021, the Company’s fleet consisted of 134 vessels with a total tonnage of 6.7 million. The 
vessels were mainly bulk carriers ranging from Handysize to Capesize models, providing stable, safe, 
and high-quality transportation services.
*Reclassified 10 Handysize vessels (< 30,000 DWT) as Small Handy in 2021.
Note: Up until the end of 2021.
About Wisdom
07
1 About Wisdom

1999
2008
2013
2017
2010
2014
2018
Established Wisdom Marine Lines S.A. in Panama.
Wisdom Marine Lines, a holding company, was established in the 
British Cayman Islands.
Wisdom Marine Lines was listed on the Taiwan Stock Exchange.
The global depository receipts issued by Wisdom Marine Lines 
were listed on the Main Board of the London Stock Exchange.
Wisdom Marine Lines’ fleet size reached 100.
Wisdom Marine Lines’ first corporate social responsibility (CSR)
report was published (2016 annual report).
Wisdom Marine Lines was ranked the top 5% in “Corporate
Governance Evaluation” by the Taiwan Stock Exchange.
Major events
1.2.1 Board of Directors
The Company’s fleet sails to ports across the world, with a total of 7.0 million nautical miles and 3,554 
port visits in 2021. Among them were 15 port stops in the last 20 countries in the Corruption Perceptions 
Index (CPI) ranking, with no legal actions or financial losses caused by bribery or corruption. In 2021, the 
Company’s fleet carried a total of 39.6 million tons of grain, coal, iron ore, log, steel, cement, fertilizer, and 
other dry bulk goods, mainly including about 8.8 million tons of grain and about 7.9 million tons of coal.
The Company’s top management in corporate governance and operation strategy is the Board of Directors
(the Board), which has nine members, including 5 independent directors (accounting for 55.56%) and 2 
female members (composing 22.22%). The board members have professional knowledge and diversified
backgrounds. For details, please refer to p.11 of the Company’s 2021 annual report. The Shareholders’ 
Meeting was completely re-elected on May 21, 2021, and held a total of 11 Board meeting in 2021. For 
details, please refer to p.15 of the Company’s annual report for 2021.
Wisdom Milestones
1.2 Governance Structure
Shareholders’ Meeting
Remuneration Committee
Nominating Committee
Other functional
committees and
working groups
Audit Committee
Board of Directors
Chairman
President
Chief Technology 
Officer
Supply Dept.
ISM Dept.
Administration
Dept.
Technical Dept.
Seaman
Affairs Dept.
Business &
Operation Dept.
Finance Dept.
Chief Operating 
Officer
Chief Financial 
Officer
Singapore Branch
Auditing Office
09
08
1 About Wisdom
1 About Wisdom

1.2.2 Functional Committees
The Audit Committee is composed of five independent directors. In 2021, the committee held a total of 
11 regular meetings. For details, please refer to p.19 of the Company’s annual report for 2021.
The committee’s main duties are as follows:
◆ Fair presentation of the Company’s financial reports.
◆ Select and dismiss certified public accountants for the Company, and review their independence and
 performance.
◆ Effectively implement the Company’s internal control system.
◆ Compliance with relevant laws and regulations by the Company.
◆ Manage and control the Company’s existing or potential risks.
In order to establish good corporate governance, the Company has formulated its corporate governance 
codes and set up a corporate governance group to assist the Board in various operations.
The Board’s main duties are as follows: 
◆ Determine the Company’s operational and financial business strategy.
◆ Audit the Company’s Internal control and operating results.
◆ Approve the Company’s major transactions and investments.
◆ Approve the Company’s important Human Resources arrangements.
◆ Fundraising and legal compliance matters for the Company’s Taiwan listing.
Audit Committee
The Remuneration Committee comprises of five independent directors, who held a total of two meetings 
in 2021. For details, please refer to p. 22 of the Company’s annual report for 2021.
The committee’s main duties are as follows:
◆ Establish and periodically review the directors’ and management’s annual and long-term performance
 targets, as well as the Company’s remuneration policies, systems, standards, and structures.
◆ Periodically assess the directors’ and management’s performance in relation to the Company’s objectives,
 and determine the content and amounts of their individual remuneration packages.
Remuneration Committee
The Nomination Committee comprises of two directors and three independent directors, who held a 
total of two meetings in 2021. For details, please refer to p. 23 of the Company’s annual report for 2021.
The committee’s main duties are as follows:
◆ Develop criteria for the background diversity and independence required of the Company’s Board 
 members and senior management, such as their expertise, techniques, experience, and gender, as well
 as seeking, reviewing, and nominating candidates for the Company’s Board and senior management.
◆ Establish and develop organizational structures for the Company’s Board and various committees,
 assess the performance of the Board, committees, directors, and senior managers, and assess the
 independence of independent directors.
◆ Establish and periodically review the further study plans of the Company’s directors, and succession
 plans for the Company’s directors and senior managers.
Nominating Committee
In October 2017, the Company established the Corporate Social Responsibility Committee, which was 
subsequently abolished on March 25, 2022 to abide by the law, and newly established the ESG Committee,
for which the convenor was appointed by the Board and the members by the convenor to promote 
sustainability of the environment, society and the Company’s corporate governance In 2021, the ESG 
Committee held a total of one meeting; on October 29, 2021, the committee reported to the Board on the 
committee’s operations and continuation; on December 10, 2021, the committee reported to the Board 
on the committee’s progress in communication with stakeholders.
The committee’s main duties are as follows:
◆ Drive the implementation of the Company’s sustainability policy according to its operational strategy
 formulated by the Board.
◆ Draft and formulate concrete plans for the Company’s sustainable policy.
◆ Check and continue the Company’s communication with stakeholders, as well as organizing information
 on sustainable development trends.
◆ Publish ESG reports for the Company and make disclosures as required by law.
ESG Committee
The Safety Management Committee is composed of a leader dispatched by the Board, and other members
appointed by the leader. In 2021, the committee held a total of four meetings.
The committee’s main duties are as follows:
◆ Develop a safety management audit plan and track the implementation.
◆ Review safety management audit results and vessel deficiencies.
◆ Implement internal audits for the Company’s safety management, evaluate the energy efficiency of its
 safety management system, and revise its safety management system.
◆ Organize the latest information on safety management and related regulations.
◆ Regularly report to the Board on the Company’s safety management-related issues.
Safety Management Committee
11
10
1 About Wisdom
1 About Wisdom

1.2.3 Business Ethics Policy
The Convener will select suitable individuals for the business needs to form the Business Ethics Team. 
The Company has established the Business Ethics Team, consisting of suitable personnel selected by 
the Convener appointed by the Board of Directors. The Business Ethics Team is responsible for devising 
the Ethical Management Policy and submit it to the board of directors for approval and ensuring the 
ethical management policy is enforced. The business operations shall comply with the Policy, and 
prevent employees from abusing of authority to obtain benefits in an improper way, resulting in damage 
to the interests of the Company.
Business shall be conducted with integrity and self-discipline and subject not 
only to the laws and regulations. In the absence of specific guidelines, good 
judgment shall be exercised to consider if the behaviors are aligned with basic 
ethical principles and open to criticism, true to specific roles, and uphold the 
company’s reputation.
1. Offering and acceptance of bribes are prohibited.
2. Political donations must comply with the law and subject to the approval of
 the Board.
3. Charitable donations must comply with the law and subject to the approval
 of the Board.
4. Acceptance of gifts, business entertainment, or any forms of gratitude must
 be transparent and in line with normal social etiquette.
5. Infringement of the trademarks, patents, copyrights, and other intellectual
 property rights of the Company or others is prohibited.
6. Business activities must comply with the law and follow “internal control
 procedures” to assess counterparty risk.
7. Efforts must be made to prevent business activities  prejudicing stakeholders’
 interests. Identification of stakeholders should be done regularly and the
 communication channels should be kept open.
8. Conflicts of interest should be disclosed and avoided.
9. Employees must follow the Work Rules to maintain the confidentiality of trade
 secrets and sensitive business information.
Code of 
Conduct
1. The Audit Committee shall oversee the effectiveness of the accounting system
 and internal control system.
2. The Remuneration Committee shall take directors and managers’ ethical
 conducts into account when reviewing their performance and remunerations.
3. Internal audits should follow the audit plans of the Internal Control Procedures.
 Unethical behaviors shall be reported to the Board upon discovery.
4. The Human Resources Section of the Administration Department shall
 ensure the employees are fully aware of the Business Ethics Policy and sign
 a statement of compliance. Training and awareness programs shall be
 organized when required to help employees understand the policy.
5. In accordance with the “whistle-blowing system” on the Company’s website,
 internal and external personnel may submit a request for investigations. The
 Auditing Office shall initiate an investigation and take necessary measures.
6. External accountants and professionals shall be engaged to carry out an
 audit when necessary.
7. Disciplinary actions will be taken in accordance with the Work Rules against
 Employees who violate this policy.
Preventive
measures 
against
misconduct
The Company’s sustainability policy is centered on operational activities. It considers possible major 
impacts in accordance with the risk management policy (see Section 2.1 for details), and considers 
major issues that stakeholders focus on (see Section 2.2 for details). The Board shall formulate operational
strategies that integrate sustainable development with the core business, and the shore and marine 
personnel shall work together to execute shipping planning and management to ensure vessel safety 
and operational stability, and reduce the environmental impact of the Company’s operations. The
Sustainability Committee shall check the implementation and disclose any relevant results in the Report.
1.3 Sustainable Business Policies
 
and Philosophies
13
12
1 About Wisdom
1 About Wisdom

The Company promotes sustainable development with the three main axes of “sustainable operations”, 
“shipping management” and “environmental protection”, and links with the United Nations' Sustainable 
Development Goals (SDGs) to promote the Company’s competitive advantages based on sustainable 
development.
Sustainable Operation
Shipping Management
Environmental Protection
Economic
Performance
Employment
Maritime Safety
Transport Quality
Investment
in Eco Ships
Energy
Emissions
Environmental 
Impact During 
Transportation
Environmental 
Compliance
In the fluctuating 
bulk shipping 
climate, a robust 
operating model
is used to create 
long-term value for 
shareholders.
Create a
harmonious
working
environment
compliant with
the law, so that 
employees can 
work with peace of 
mind under the 
Company’s 
support.
To enhance the 
safety awareness 
of the Company’s 
employees,
in order to reduce 
the risk of incidents
and achieve the 
safety of ships, 
personnel, cargo, 
and the
environment.
To optimize routes 
and transit
times to ensure 
that the quality 
and quantity of 
cargo are not
compromised.
Comply with 
international 
environmental 
regulations and 
actively adopt 
new designs and 
energy-saving
and eco-friendly 
equipment to 
create a
industry-leading 
green fleet.
To improve the Company’s energy 
efficiency to enhance its fleet
competitiveness and reduce the 
emissions of greenhouse gas (GHG) 
and other pollutants, as well as 
environmental impacts.
Combat marine 
pollution, protect 
the marine 
environment, and 
reduce the 
impact on the
environment
during
transportation.
Violations of 
environmental 
laws and
regulations may 
result in high 
fines and
nterruption of
ship operations, 
resulting in 
economic losses 
and damage to 
the Company’s
corporate image.
1.4
Section
for details
GRI Index
Corrsponding
SDGs
Significance
Material 
Topic
Three
Major Axes
5
3.2
3.3
3.4
4.1
4.2
4.3
4.4
201-1
401-1~3
⸺
⸺
⸺
302-1~3
307-1
305-1~4
305-6~7
⸺
1 About Wisdom
15
14
1 About Wisdom
1 About Wisdom

1.4 Economic Performance
1.4.2 Operational Overview
In 2021, the bulk shipping market continued the upward trend in the second half of 2020. Slowly rising 
BDI helped the Company renew a series of contracts and allowed our self-operated fleet to benefit as 
well. The Company’s operating profit margin increased from an average of 28.0% in the first quarter to 
52.0% on average in the fourth quarter. In 2021, due to greater market volatility, the Company’s operating 
strategy was mainly to maintain flexibility. Apart from fixing longer and index-linked contracts with 
long-term clients, the Company kept the length of most fixed rate charters to one year or under. The 
Company’s revenue for the year amounted to USD 686.1 million, up 69.3% year on year, net operating 
profit was USD 296.2 million, surging nearly sixfold from the previous year, and operating profit margin 
reached 43.2%, a record high.
In terms of non-operating income and expense, while the Company sold a total of 10 vessels in 2021, 
most were old and in a total USD 2.36 million were recognized in losses. During the year, the charterer 
terminated the charter of five vessels and paid compensation due to long-term operational considerations.
The Company recognized impairment while considering the long-term revenue prospects, and the related
net non-operating income was USD 28.9 million. In the whole year, the Company’s net operating profit 
was approximately $295.6 million, whereas its net profit after tax amounted to approximately $295.1 million.
A
Purpose
To tackle operating expenses and repayments and generate long-term stable returns for shareholders
by maintaining stable operating revenues, operating profit margins, and operating cash flows.
B
Policy
The operating model focuses primarily on timed chartering and the operation of the spot 
market secondarily; reducing the risk of default by carefully selecting tenants with a good 
reputation; building an operating fleet mainly composed of eco ships to promote the Company’s
competitiveness based on sustainable development.
D
Evaluation and Adjustment of Management Approach
The Company uses long-term financial performance as an indicator of economic performance, 
to see whether its operating model is in line with the objectives of stabilizing revenue, exerting 
a buffer effect in times of recession, and signing favorable charter parties in a timely manner 
when the economy rebounds. 
In recent years, the Company has achieved an average gross profit of about 40% for its
newbuilding eco-ships, which is more competitive than the 30% on average for the entire fleet 
in the past. In 2021, the Company benefited from the recovery of global economic activities and 
the high demand for dry bulk vessels. In the same year, the average operating profit rate of 
seven of the Company’s eco-ships, which newly joined the Company’s fleet, was 46%, resulting 
in revenues totaling USD 30 million for the Company. Currently, the economic performance 
management policy is operating smoothly and there is no adjustment plan.
C
Management Approach
1. Maintain financial stability and do not pursue speculative gains.
2. Continuously invest in eco ships and maintain a young fleet.
3. Safeguard shareholders’ rights and interests, and improve information
 transparency.
Commitment
The Company has a reporting system, which is published on its official website
(http://www.wisdomlines.com.tw/wisdom/php/contact_cg4.php) and is handled
by the Audit Office. Reports can be made by internal and external personnel, 
and the Audit Office will file, report and investigate the case, as well as report 
the results to the general manager or Board.
Grievance 
Mechanism
Board: Approve major contracts, as well as vessel investments and disposal.
Business & Operation Department: Ensure stable operations and smoothclient
communication to understand market conditions.
Finance Department: Prepare financial reports, as well as scheduling and 
planning for the use of the Company’s finances.
Investor Relations: Explain the Company’s financial position to shareholders, 
the media, and potential investors.
Set up offices in Singapore, Tokyo, and Rotterdam, as well as coordinating the
needs of local lessees and ship operations with zero jet lag.
Responsibility
& Resource
Short-term goals:
1. Dispose of vessels to maintain the fleet’s operational efficiency.
2. Invest in newbuilding eco ships to make ME-hosted eco ships account for 
up more than 50% of the fleet by the end of 2022.
Medium to long-term goals:
1. Optimize the fleet data reporting system to quantitatively analyze fleet
 operations and adjust operating policies.
2. Build a 100% eco-friendly and energy-efficient green fleet.
Goal and 
Target
C
Management Approach
1. In 2021, the Board approved 11 newbuilding construction contracts.
2. In 2021, 11 vessels were disposed of.
3. The Company publish monthly earning explaining performance changes.
4. In 2021, the Company organized a total of six investor conferences.
Specific 
Action
1.4.1 Management Approach
17
16
1 About Wisdom
1 About Wisdom

Unit: USD
1.4.3 Direct Economic Value Generated and Distributed 
As recommended by the TCFD, the Company assesses the risks, opportunities, and financial impacts 
associated with climate and conducts analysis with reference to the TCFD framework:
Revenue:
Net operating revenue+interest revenue+gains (losses) 
from disposal of property, plants, and equipment
452,106,427
405,789,216
684,046,669
Payment for capital contributors:
Interest expenses, dividend payments1, preferred stock
dividends
89,239,917
77,144,585
72,856,686
Employee salaries and benefits:
Employee salaries, dividends, bonuses, employee
benefits (pensions and insurance) 
2,124,028
2,179,259
3,881,485
Payments for domestic and foreign governments:
Hire tax (excluding deferred tax), penalties
564,340
537,649
597,455
Generated direct economic value-
Distributed direct economic value
28,141,704
(22,976,078)
223,066,286
Operating costs:
Costs arising from operational activities
332,036,438
348,903,801
383,644,757
Generated direct economic value
Retained economic value
Distributed direct economic value
2
0
1
9
Y e a r
2
0
2
1
2
0
2
0
A
Governance
In the Company, the Board is responsible for formulating the Group’s operating strategy, and the
Chairman is responsible for supervising the implementation of the strategy, and comprehensively
considering the impact of climate issues on the Group’s operating strategy. Under the Board is 
the ESG Committee, which consolidates the Company’s strategies and actions on climate-related
issues and risks, reports to the Board, and prepares ESG reports.
The Company’s ISM Department is responsible for paying attention to international laws and 
regulations related to climate, formulating compliance standards accordingly, and then incorporating
them into the Ship Safety Management System or notifying the ships and relevant departments 
of the standards. The management announces climate-related risks and regulations through the 
Company’s monthly executive meeting. Each of the Company’s units will recommend and send 
members to the ESG Committee to discuss climate-related topics.
a. Substantial risks: Delays or accidents due to a single weather event.
Short-term 
impacts
a. Substantial risks: The impact of climate change on a vessel’s operational risks
 and insurance costs.
b. Transformation risks: Regulatory changes in response to climate change issues;
 adjustment of ship design and construction costs in response to climate 
change issues.
Mid-term
impacts
a. Substantial risks: Climate change-induced changes in routes and port hydrology,
 which affect the navigable and berthing areas of ships; fuel changes in response
 to climate change issues; changes in climate change affecting crop production
 and trade patterns.
b. Transformation risks: Increased client requirements for ship emissions; capital 
market or bank requirements on climate impacts; impact of climate topics on 
brand value.
Long-term
impacts
B
Strategies
The possible impacts of climate issues on the Company can be divided into
Operating revenue
447,510,914
405,138,553
686,165,180
Operating profit
110,245,939
50,831,972
295,576,904
Net income before tax
71,688,268
4,318,251
295,716,504
Earnings per share (NTD)
3.30
0.15
11.05
2
0
1
9
2
0
2
0
2
0
2
0
Unit: USD
The Company’s investment in newbuildings mainly focuses on eco ships, which are widely appreciated 
by charterers due to their good operating efficiency. In recent years, the Company’s new vessels can 
reach about 40% in its average profit margin, which is better than the Company’s overall fleet average.
Average operating 
margin for fleet
25%
27%
43%
13%
Average operating 
margin for newbuilding
36%
39%
46%
35%
2
0
1
9
Averag over 
the last 
three years
2
0
2
1
2
0
2
0
Note 1: The Company’s calculated disclosed dividend payment for capital contributors mainly consists
 
of cash dividends. The stock dividend is not included in the calculation because it cannot be
 
digitized to specifically measure the stock value. In 2019, the Company distributed cash dividends
 
using its additional paid-in capital. In 2020, the Company distributed cash dividends and stock
 
dividends using its additional paid-in capital. The amount of the dividends converted into capital
 
totaled USD 5,745,838, which was not included in the calculation. In 2021, the Company distributed
 
cash dividends with its additional paid-in capital and surplus.
1.5 Disclosure of Climate-related
 
Financial Information
19
18
1 About Wisdom
1 About Wisdom

It is difficult to clearly attribute operational accidents to climatic factors; 
accidents and delays may also be caused by seafarer operations, mechanical
maintenance, simple weather problems, etc. However, by reviewing and 
investigating into the accidents by the Business & Operation Department 
and the ISM Department, the Company may still assume climate impact 
was the cause from the trend of the accidents.
Substantial
risks
They are mainly operational impacts, controlled by the ISM Department and 
the Business & Operation Department.
Short-term
risks
Transformation
risks
1. They are mainly related to the implementation progress of international 
laws and regulations; the compliance methods and costs shall be jointly 
examined by the Company’s Industry and Commerce Department, ISM 
Department, and external consultant companies, as well as ship surveyors
 associations. There are many factors that affect the costs of newbuilding, 
and the risk of price changes due to the enforcement of laws and regulations
 is still not easy to assess separately. 
2. The impact of climate change issues on the Company’s clients, capital 
markets, banks, and brand value depends on continuous communication 
between the relevant units and stakeholders.
They affect vessel investment decisions and the Company’s business 
configuration, whose overall planning is carried out by the Board following 
consideration.
Medium-
to long-term
risks
C
Risk Management
The Company’s risk management team identifies and evaluates risks according to the Company’s
risk management policy, and then instructs the relevant units to take different treatment methods
based on the nature of the risks. Climate-related risks are controlled by the ISM Department and 
the Business & Operation Department, and are reported to the Board following discussions and 
assessments by representatives of relevant units at the executive meeting and the ESG Committee.
B
Strategies
The climate impact on the Company’s business, strategy, and finances is mainly due to the risk of
operational disruption, possible increase in operating costs, increased regulatory compliance costs
and vessel expenditure, and the need to pay more attention to climate impact financially. Climate
issues have a significant impact on the Company’s investment in newbuildings and disposal strategy.
As the Company continues to invest in eco-ships with high specifications, it is expected that the 
impact of climate-related issues on the Company relative to other companies in the industry 
should be lower. However, there are currently no appropriate tools to assess the specific 
impacts of different climate scenarios.
D
Indicators and Goals
In its evaluation of the short-term real risks related to climate, the Company conducts
comprehensive assessments and case reviews based on the loss of operating days of the whole 
fleet, and analyzes whether the percentage influence of climate factors has increased. In 
response to the possible changes in newbuilding and equipment costs caused by regulatory 
changes, the Company also constantly pays attention to and evaluates the possible impacts.
The Company adopts EEDIs consistent with international conventions and
introduces indices such as the EEXI and CII, which assess existing topics 
between ships and climate issues. The Company continuously checks the 
energy consumption and emissions of its fleet, and discloses related details in 
its sustainability reports.
Quantitative 
indices
To initially focus on compliance with laws and regulations, and then further 
review the specific performance of increasing investment in newbuilding and 
refitting ship equipment to further reduce environmental impact.
Specific 
objective
21
20
1 About Wisdom
1 About Wisdom

2
I_01 Risks from Technological Changes 
Annual Report 7.6.5
As technology changes and environmental awareness grows, vessel 
specifications and equipment are constantly changing. In response to 
technological changes, the Company risks financially by ordering
newbuilding or retrofitting, which results in increased capital expenditure;
failure to update the fleet may result in a decline in the Company’s 
competitiveness or inability to continue operations.
TEC
Description
Department in charge
Risk Management
and Stakeholder
Engagement
2.1 Risk Assessment and Control |23
2.2 Stakeholders Engagement |37
2.3 Material Topics |40
2.4 Participation in External Organizations |42
2.1 Risk Assessment and Control
The Company has established a Risk Management Team in accordance with the Risk Management Policy
adopted by the Board. The team manages risks by following the process below:
The Company’s risk assessment report is as follows:
Risks
identification
The risk management team performs risk identification. The scope of
identification includes business activities conducted by the Company and its 
subsidiaries. The aspects of identification shall include industry, finance, 
operation, environment, social, and corporate governance.
Risks
identification
For risks deemed material, the risk management team will, based on the nature
of the risks, task the appropriate parties to manage the risks and/or implement
response measures.
Inventory 
and reporting
The risk management team takes inventory of management Financial Conditions,
Business Results and Risk Analysis 91 of the risks, and delivers a status 
report on the risk management policy to the board of directors at least once 
a year.
Materiality 
assessment
The risk management team evaluates identified risks in terms of likelihood 
and impact to determine the materiality.
Definition: External risks connected to the operating environment that is
 
inherent in the industry.
Boundary: The assessment and disclosure includes the holding company
 
and its subsidiaries.
Industry Risks
SDG 17 Sustainability PartnershipGrowth
Contributions and Highlights /
● The Company continuously learns the latest technologies and expertise 
in its partnerships with ABS, BV, DNV, LR, NK, and other shipbuilding 
associations.
23
2 Risk Management and Stakeholder Engagement

F_01 Interest Rate Risks 
Annual Report 7.6.1
Due to the characteristics of the sector, the Group has a high capital 
need, so its financing amounts are relatively high; and due to the long-
term characteristic of ship financing, the Group’s interest expenses will 
change with fluctuations in market interest rates.
FIN
Description
Department in charge
Definition: Risk of financial loss due to external environment or internal
 
management.
Boundary: The assessment and disclosure includes the holding company
 
and its subsidiaries.
Financial Risks
I_01 Risks from Technological Changes 
Annual Report 7.6.5
Capital expenditure
Risk indicator
Probability: medium / impact: medium
Risk assessment
Management policy
1. The Group works closely with the International Association of
 Classification Societies and technical consultancy firms, and has an
 internal ISM Department and Technical Department, which constantly
 follow changes in ship technology and regulations.
2. The Group enjoys good relationships with its partnered shipyards
 and has maintained a consistent shipbuilding policy over the years.
 Therefore, it should be able to stabilize its capital expenditure in
 response to risks from technological changes.
I_02 Market Volatility Risks
BDI, bunker prices
Risk indicator
Probability: mid-high / Impact: high
Risk assessment
Management policy
1. Freight fluctuation: The Group adopts a floating mechanism linked to
 freight Indices, which enables the Group to enjoy high hire rates when
 the freight indices are high; while the indexes are expected to fall, the
 Group can use its contractual hire conversion terms to convert the
 floating hires to fixed amounts in accordance with the Forward Freight
 Agreements (FFA) to reduce the risks from hire volatility.
2. Bunker price fluctuation: The Group’s main revenue is derived from
 time charters. According to the Group’s time charter contracts, the
 bunker costs must be borne by the charterer. Therefore, an increase in
 bunker prices does not cause a direct impact. At the same time, the
 Group’s proportion of eco-ships is gradually growing, which better
 manifests the fleet's competitiveness in the era of high bunker prices.
The Group’s revenue is largely affected by the Baltic Dry Index (BDI) ,
which is driven by bulk freight, and the hire indices for different vessel 
types. Also, changes in oil prices also affect the operating costs of the 
Company’s self-operated ships.
BIZ
Description
Department in charge
I_04 Risks from Industry Competition
The world’s newbuilding ratio; the Group’s proportion of Eco Ships
Risk indicator
Probability: mid-low / Impact: mid-low
Risk assessment
Management policy
1. There are no inherent obstacles to entry into the bulk shipping sector,
 and newbuilding orders worldwide may increase or decrease due to
 market conditions, affecting the supply, demand, and economic
 conditions of the shipping industry.
2. While the risk of market fluctuation brought about by excessive
 competition is inevitable, the Group can consolidate its market position
 by establishing a high-quality, energy-efficient fleet for differentiation.
There are no obvious legal or technical barriers to entering the bulk 
carrier industry worldwide; the Group’s projects must also face
competition from other carriers.
BIZ
Description
Department in charge
I_03 Risks from Sectoral and Policy Changes  
Annual Report 7.6.5
All factors affecting global cargo shipment will have an impact on the 
environment of the bulk shipping industry, such as trade wars,
protectionism, economic sanctions, global production and demand 
situations for bulk commodities like grains and minerals, international 
political and economic situations, and geopolitical factors.
BIZ
Description
Department in charge
I_03 Risks from Sectoral and Policy Changes  
Annual Report 7.6.5
Overseas economic and trade policies, and geopolitics
Risk indicator
Probability: medium / Impact: low to mid-high
Risk assessment
Management policy
1. The Group’s transactions are mainly with international carriers, with
 its business scope unlimited to specific regions and routes, which can
 mitigate the impact of regional policy changes on the Group’s operations.
2. The Group remains concerned about changes in international politics
 and economies and irregularly adjusts its navigation routes in response
 to situational changes. The Group communicates with charterers to
 avoid certain sailing areas in response to wars or economic sanctions.
25
24
2 Risk Management and Stakeholder Engagement
2 Risk Management and Stakeholder Engagement

F_02 Exchange Rate Risks 
Annual Report 7.6.1
Exchange rate sensitivity analysis, loan currency distribution, derivative
financial instruments checklist.
Risk indicator
Probability: mid-high / Impact: medium
Risk assessment
Management policy
1. The Group’s ship financing periods mostly range from eight to fifteen
 years, with amortization of principal in installments. The risks from
 exchange rate fluctuations are spread over the years of the financing
 period.
2. Most of the Group’s financing contracts have a “currency conversion”
 clause, which allows the Group to apply for a change of currency in
 response to changes in exchange rates.
3. The Group can also use derivative financial instruments to adjust its
 exchange rate exposure.
The Group’s operating revenue and costs are mostly denominated in 
US dollars, so exchange rate changes have little impact on the Group’s 
revenue. The Group’s exposure to exchange rate risks mainly comes 
from its borrowings in foreign currencies for the financing of ships, which
is mainly affected by the exchange rate fluctuations of the Japanese yen.
As for the Group’s corporate bonds denominated in Taiwanese dollars, 
they are mainly affected by the exchange rate fluctuations of the New 
Taiwanese dollar.
FIN
Description
Department in charge
F_01 Interest Rate Risks 
Annual Report 7.6.1
Interest rate sensitivity analysis, loan currency distribution, derivative
financial instruments checklist.
Risk indicator
Probability: mid-high / Impact: medium
Risk assessment
Management policy
1. The Group is a reputable listed company with stable operations, and
 has business dealings with a large number of financial institutions in
 Taiwan and abroad, so it enjoys strong financial bargaining powers,
 and can compare different financing options and models to reduce
 its financing costs.
2. In order to reduce the Group’s exposure to fluctuations in US dollar
 interest rates, some of its long-term loans are denominated in the
 Japanese yen. In addition to being able to take advantage of Japanese
 financial institutions’ lower interest rates for the Japanese currency,
 this can also lower interest rate risks from concentrating on loans
 denominated in US dollars.
3. Derivative financial instruments of Interest Rate Swap (IRS) may hedge
 against exchange rates.
4. The Group does not have any fixed interest financial liabilities at fair
 value ( which are included in income statements ), nor does it use
 derivative financial instruments to hedge its debt obligations, so
 changes in interest rates on settlement dates will not have a significant
 impact on its profits and losses.
F_03 Inflation Risks 
Annual Report 7.6.1
Price indices, operating costs
Risk indicator
Probability: medium / Impact: mid-low
Risk assessment
Management policy
The Group’s charter party agreements are fixed-term and the charter 
party may be adjusted upon renegotiations to reflect general cost 
increases in the sector.
Inflation may cause increases in ship and oil prices, salaries, and
operating expenses, which may in turn increase the Group’s operating
costs.
BIZ
Description
Department in charge
F_05 Risks from Lending Funds to Others 
Annual Report 7.6.2
Checklist for loan to others
Risk indicator
Probability: low / Impact: low
Risk assessment
Management policy
1. The Group has Procedures Loan to Others, and shall handle relevant
 matters in accordance with its provisions.
2. All intercompany loan has been approved by the Board of the Group
 and complies with the relevant limits.
3. To date, there have been no other lending events except for the
 intercompany loan among the Group’s wholly-controlled subsidiaries
 and their subsidiaries.
Risk of loans default due to non-performance by counter-parties.
AUD、FIN
Description
Department in charge
F_06 Risks from Endorsement and Guarantee 
Annual Report 7.6.2
Management policy
1. The Group has Procedures for Endorsement and Guarantee, which
 provides endorsement guarantees only to companies with which it has
 business dealings and direct or indirect shareholdings of more than 50%,
 and which directly or indirectly own 50% of the Group’s shares.
Risk of loans defaults due to non-performance by endorsed parties.
AUD、FIN
Description
Department in charge
F_04 Risks of Engagement in High-risk, High-yield Investment Annual Report 7.6.2
Balance sheets
Risk indicator
Probability: low / Impact: low
Risk assessment
Management policy
The Group focuses on its operations in the industry and is not engaged 
in investment in other high-risk sectors or investment objects.
Financial risks arising from borrowed investments in high-risk sectors 
or investment objects.
FIN
Description
Department in charge
27
26
2 Risk Management and Stakeholder Engagement
2 Risk Management and Stakeholder Engagement

Definition: Risks arising from internal management, resource placement,
 
or external factors in the course of operating activities.
Boundary: The assessment and disclosure includes the holding company
 
and its subsidiaries.
Operational Risks
F_07 Risks from Financial Derivatives Transactions 
Annual Report 7.6.2
Checklist for financial derivative instruments
Risk indicator
Probability: low / Impact: low
Risk assessment
Management policy
1. The Group has management procedures relating to derivative
 transactions, with trading limits in addition to hedging transactions,
 each of which is reviewed by the Board.
2. The Group mainly trades in financial derivative instruments for
 hedging purposes and avoids trading commodities for trading purposes.
The Group entered into financial derivatives transactions that may pose 
a risk of gain or loss due to fluctuations in the relevant market.
AUD、FIN
Description
Department in charge
O_01 Risks from Concentrated Procurements 
Annual Report 7.6.9
Top 10 suppliers and proportions
Risk indicator
Probability: mid-low / Impact: low
Risk assessment
Management policy
1. In the Group’s operations, only the cost of fuel and lubricant account
 for a significant portion of its annual operating costs.
2. Lubricant: The Group works with four or five international lubricant
 suppliers on a long-term basis to diversify risks.
3. Fuel: The Group considers the fuel prices and suppliers at different
 bunkering ports, and makes purchases through fuel brokers or directly
 from suppliers in order to diversify sources.
Excessive procurement from a single supplier may affect ship operations
in the event of supply interruptions.
SUP
Description
Department in charge
O_02 Risks from Concentrated Sales 
Annual Report 7.6.9
Top 10 clients and proportions
Risk indicator
Probability: mid-low / Impact: low
Risk assessment
Management policy
1. The Group works with reputable Japanese and European charterers
 on a long-term basis, which reasonably diversifies the Group’s charter
 party expiration and hire agreement.
2. The Group also continued to explore the market for new clients, in
 order to diversify its risks from concentrated sales.
Excessive concentration of sales to a single client may result in financial
losses or revenue reduction for the Company as a result of the client’s 
default or adjustment of business policies.
BIZ
Description
Department in charge
O_03 Risk of Default by Charterers
Management policy
1. The Group’s long-term clients are all world-class carriers with sound
 financial conditions.
2. For new clients, in addition to their financial credibility, the Group
 carefully assesses the partner’s motivation and ability to perform the
 contract, as well as understanding their operating performance and
 reputation, through its long-term cooperative intermediaries and
 charterers.
Charterers’ inability to perform their contract and pay their hire regularly
due to their own financial difficulties or other factors will impact the 
Group’s revenue.
BIZ
Description
Department in charge
F_08 Liquidity Risks
Cash and cash equivalents, estimated cash flow
Risk indicator
Probability: medium / Impact: mid-high
Risk assessment
Management policy
1. The Group’s cash flow requirements for both newbuildings contracts
 and financing contracts have a fixed term. In addition to the annual
 budget, the Group prepares cash flow estimates for the next three
 months each week to correctly estimate cash flow movements, so
 that response can be made in advance in the event of insufficient
 liquidity.
2. The Group relies heavily on operating cash flows for its cash liquidity,
 so there is a real risk of continued liquidity consumption when the
 market environment is unsatisfactory. Hence, the Group has also
 established revolving credit lines for working capital with a number
 of major banks to meet its liquidity shortfalls.
3. The Group has long-term partnerships with its financing banks and
 shipyards, with which it can negotiate the adjustment of repayment
 and payment schedules when necessary, in order to improve its
 medium-term liquidity.
4. The Group’s significant assets are ships, which may also be sold to
 improve its medium-term liquidity.
In addition to the cash flows required for its day-to-day operations,
the Group has significant cash liquidity requirements for its capital
expenditure on newbuildings and the repayment of principal and interest
on ship financing. Insufficient liquidity may result in the Group’s default 
and damage its credibility.
FIN
Description
Department in charge
F_06 Risks from Endorsement and Guarantee 
Annual Report 7.6.2
List for endorsement and guarantee
Risk indicator
Probability: low / Impact: low
Risk assessment
Management policy
2. All endorsement guarantees within the Group have been approved by
 the Board of the Group and comply with the relevant limits.
29
28
2 Risk Management and Stakeholder Engagement
2 Risk Management and Stakeholder Engagement

O_04 Risk of Liabilities to Third Parties
The liability insurance loss rate for shipowners
Risk indicator
Probability: mid-high / Impact: mid-low
Risk assessment
Management policy
1. All of the Group’s ships are covered by Protection & Indemnity (P&I)
 insurance from the P&I Club.
2. The Group also promotes safety awareness and reduces accidents
 by strengthening the training and management of its relevant personnel.
The Group may be exposed to third party liabilities from ships’ operations.
Common circumstances include seafarer casualties, claims for cargo 
damage, and clean-up due to pollution.
BIZ、ISM
Description
Department in charge
O_07 Information Security Risks
NA
Risk indicator
Probability: low / Impact: low
Risk assessment
Management policy
1. The Group has established an Information Security Group to identify
 risks related to information security and formulate specific management
 plans.
2. There are no significant risks associated with manually operating
 critical on-board equipment, and there are restrictions on internet
 communications on board.
3. The office system also has relevant security measures such as fire
 walls and backups.
Improper information security management may result in financial or 
reputational losses due to communication delays, file losses, trade 
secret leaks, hacker attacks, etc.
ADM
Description
Department in charge
O_08 Expected Benefits and Potential risks from M&As Annual Report 7.6.7
NA
Risk indicator
NA
Risk assessment
Management policy
At present, the Group has no merger and acquisition plans. If the Group
has such plans, they must pass the assessment based on the Group’s 
significant asset acquisition and disposal procedures.
Mergers and acquisitions may pose financial risks due to overestimated
benefits.
ADM
Description
Department in charge
O_05 Risk of Ship Damage
Loss rate for H&M insurance
Risk indicator
Probability: mid-low / Impact: mid-low
Risk assessment
Management policy
1. All of the Group’s ships are covered by Hull & Machinery ( H&M )
 insurance.
2. The Group promotes safety awareness and reduces accidents by
 strengthening the training and management of its relevant personnel.
3. The Group arranges regular maintenance, navigation repairs, dock
 repairs, etc. to ensure its ships’ seaworthiness.
4. If risks from regional navigation are heightened due to a war, the Group
 also responds in a timely manner by avoiding having its fleet navigate
 in relevant high-risk areas.
There is a risk of machinery failure, hull damage, or ship sinking due to 
natural factors like the weather, and human factors including improper 
ship handling and wars.
BIZ、TEC、ISM
Description
Department in charge
O_03 Risk of Default by Charterers
Charterers’ ability to pay hires on time, market changes, clients’ credibility
Risk indicator
Probability: medium / Impact: mid-low
Risk assessment
Management policy
3. Hire payments for time charterparties are all collected in advance,
 and the risks from receivables remain controllable.
4. Disputes over the breach of charterparty and unpaid fuel charges by
 charterers may pose legal risks to the Group, but the Group has
 subscribed to marine litigation insurance, which will assist the Group
 in seeking compensation from charterers in the event of default.
O_06 Risk of Piracy
Access to high-risk areas as defined by Best Management Practices
Version 5 (BMP5).
Risk indicator
Probability: low / Impact: medium
Risk assessment
Management policy
1. The Group works with individual charterers to minimize such risks by
 avoiding dangerous waters or nearshore voyages where the ship’s
 route may pass through less safe waters or countries.
2. If the Group’s ships need to navigate through high-risk areas, they will
 be accompanied by the country’s armed escort fleet or otherwise
 engage the escort of armed guards, and the Group will purchase
 various insurance policies for the voyage.
3. The Group’s relevant departments provide up-to-date anti-piracy
 information on its ships at any time and assist ship Captains in
 familiarising themselves with various anti-piracy measures and
 relevant safety regulations.
Robbery of property or ransom piracy still occurs in some areas, and 
pirates may cause seafarer casualties, property losses or hull damage, 
and disruption of the ship’s operations.
BIZ、ISM
Description
Department in charge
31
30
2 Risk Management and Stakeholder Engagement
2 Risk Management and Stakeholder Engagement

E_01 Risks from Climate Change
Climate change can lead to drastic changes in weather, which can lead 
to risks such as navigation hazards, shipping delays, and port entry and
exit delays for ships. Global warming has caused Arctic ice to melt, sea 
levels to rise, deterioration of coastal erosion and changes in seafloor 
sedimentation patterns, and a lack of immediate updates of chart
information may lead to a shipwreck.
ISM
Description
Department in charge
NA
Risk indicator
Probability: mid-low / Impact: mid-low
Risk assessment
Management policy
The Group gives its ships appropriate weather information or weather 
guidance to reduce their chances of entry into areas of severe weather.
Definition: Risks of rising costs that the Group has to invest on coping with 
 
climate change and the implementing of environmental laws and
 
regulations.
Boundary: The assessment and disclosure includes the holding company
 
and its subsidiaries.
Environmental
Risks
  
Annual Report 7.6.8
O_09 Expected Benefits and Possible Risks from Plant Expansion
NA
Risk indicator
NA
Risk assessment
Management policy
The Group is a shipping company and has no need for factory expansion;
therefore, it is not exposed to such risks.
The expansion of the plant may have financial related risks as the benefits
do not meet expectations.
ADM
Description
Department in charge
  
Annual Report 7.6.3
O_13 Risks from R&D Programs and Expected R&D Investment
NA
Risk indicator
NA
Risk assessment
Management policy
The Group is a professional shipowner company and does not have a 
technological R&D department. Therefore, it is not exposed to such risks.
The cost and failure of R&D plans will pose financial risks.
ADM
Description
Department in charge
O_10 Risks from Fleet Ageing
The average age for the Group’s fleet and ships worldwide
Risk indicator
Probability: mid-high / Impact: low
Risk assessment
Management policy
The Group orders newbuilding each year and dispose old ships in 
a timely manner based on market conditions. There have yet to be 
concerns about an ageing fleet.
An Ageing fleet will reduce the Company’s competitiveness and affect 
its long-term business performance.
ADM、BIZ
Description
Department in charge
O_11 Risk of Operational Interruption
Number of off-hire days, and the involved amounts
Risk indicator
Probability: medium / Impact: mid-low
Risk assessment
Management policy
1. The Group regularly arranges ship maintenance and improves its
 seafarer contingency repsonse through education and training.
2. The Group has established a contact network and crisis management
 mechanism to resume normal operations in the shortest time possible.
3. The Group has purchased insurance for most of its ships against the
 loss of hire due to hull damage, as well as hire losses and operational
 interruptions caused by a war.
The Group occasionally experienced short-term operational disruptions
due to local regulations, legal calims, machiner failures, etc., which led 
to the suspension of hire or other losses.
BIZ、ISM
Description
Department in charge
O_12 Risks from Imbalance between Operational Scale and Workforce
An imbalance between the Company’s operational scale and workforce 
will reduce its operational efficiency. It may also increase the Company’s
staff turnover, as a result affecting its staff training in the medium to 
long term.
ADM
Description
Department in charge
O_12 Risks from Imbalance between Operational Scale and Workforce
Ship-to-seafarer ratio, staff turnover
Risk indicator
Probability: mid-low / Impact: low
Risk assessment
Management policy
1. The Group focuses on employee benefits. In addition to meeting the
 employment conditions and three festival bonuses under the Labor
 Standards Act, it also has multiple benefit measures in place, and
 holds regular labor meetings to maintain communication with its
 employees.
2. The Group continues to recruit relevant talent in line with its operational
 expansion. In addition to posting talent recruitment information on
 the major human resources websites, the Group also holds talent
 recruitment talks on campuses to ensure that the company has
 sufficient operating personnel.
33
32
2 Risk Management and Stakeholder Engagement
2 Risk Management and Stakeholder Engagement

S_01 Turnover Risk of High-ranking Personnel
The Company’s operations rely on the experience and professionalism 
of senior managerial officers. Their high turnover will make the Company’s
operations inefficient or affect its corporate image.
ADM
Description
Department in charge
Situations surrounding the departure of senior managerial officers
Risk indicator
Probability: mid-low / Impact: medium
Risk assessment
Management policy
Following their assessment, the Remuneration Committee and the Board
have established a reasonable remuneration system for the Company’s 
management.
S_03 Risks from Infectious Diseases
Infectious diseases will affect the health of the Company’s seafarers, 
resulting in the shortage of seafarers. Regional infectious diseases and 
epidemic prevention measures may cause crew change difficulties, 
increase operating costs, and even disrupt operations.
SMA
Description
Department in charge
Number of seafarer infection cases, number of working hours lost due 
to infectious diseases, travel expenses for seafarer changeovers.
Risk indicator
Probability: mid-high / Impact: mid-high
Risk assessment
Management policy
1. In addition to promoting on-board safety and health management, the
 Group also reduces unnecessary contact between its seafarers and
 shore personnel.
2. In order to cope with infection risks and the crew change need, the
 Group checks the epidemic prevention measures and voyage schedule
 of each port every week, and selects the appropriate time and place to
 arrange for crew change, as well as offering subsidies to the seafarers.
  
Annual Report 7.6.6
S_04 Impact of Corporate Image Change on Enterprise Crisis Management
Changes in the Company’s corporate image can cause a public
relations crisis, which may affect the Group’s stock price and its team
cohesiveness, or even affect the Group’s relationships with its clients.
However, since the Group’s clients are all international enterprises, the 
risk of general negative news affecting client relations is low.
ADM
Description
Department in charge
NA
Risk indicator
Probability: mid-low / Impact: low
Risk assessment
Management policy
1. The Group engages professional public relations consulting firms to
 advise public relations operations in due course.
2. Attaching great importance to its corporate governance and employee
 benefits, the Company has a good corporate image.
S_02 Turnover Risk of High-ranking Personnel
A high seafarer turnover will reduce seafarer familiarity with the 
Group’s ships and management regulations, indirectly undermining its 
management quality. It may also reflect that the Group’s salaries for its 
seafarer are inappropriate, resulting in difficulty in seafarer recruitment
and thus affecting the quality of its seafarer. If the percentage of 
seafarers of a single nationality is too high, changes in the country’s 
political and economic situation may cause difficulties in crew change 
or hiring seafarers.
Description
S_02 Turnover Risk of High-ranking Personnel
SMA
Department in charge
Turnover rate and nationality percentages of seafarers
Risk indicator
Probability: high / Impact: mid-high
Risk assessment
Management policy
1. The Group currently cooperates with a number of seafarer manning
 agencies based in different countries on the recruitment of seafarers,
 and selects, checks, and talks with them according to the requirements
 of different ship types to ensure the quality of the Group’s seafarers.
2. In recent years, the Group has expanded its recruitment of Vietnamese,
 Bangladeshi, and Indian seafarers to balance its percentage of
 seafarers of all nationalities, in order to reduce the impact on operation
 due to the excessive proportion of seafarers of certain nationalities.
Definition: Risks related to stakeholder interaction and corporate social
 
responsibility.
Boundary: The assessment and disclosure includes the holding company and
 
its subsidiaries.
Social Risks
E_02 Risks from Changes in Environmental Laws and Regulations
Enforcement timetable, ship compliance inventories
Risk indicator
Probability: high / Impact: medium
Risk assessment
Management policy
1. The Group focuses on the enforcement directions of environmental
 regulations and communicates closely with classification societies to
 respond early and reduce the impact of related legal and regulatory
 implementation.
2. The Group examines its ships’ current conditions for compliance or
 to develop specific improvement plans.
3. The Group continuously invests in newbuilding Eco Ships and evaluates
 its investments in energy-saving equipment.
In recent years, the International Maritime Organization (IMO) has been 
promoting environmental laws and regulations such as sulfur and 
carbon reduction. Failure to comply with them will affect the ship’s 
speed limits and even seaworthiness.
ISM
Description
Department in charge
35
34
2 Risk Management and Stakeholder Engagement
2 Risk Management and Stakeholder Engagement

Definition: Risks associated with the corporate structure, share structure,
 
and management.
Boundary: The assessment and disclosure includes the holding company
 
and its subsidiaries.
Corporate
Governance Risk
G_01 Risk from Legal Differences between Places of Registration
 
and Listing
Shareholder Protection Checklist for Foreign Issuer’s Country of
Registration.
Risk indicator
Probability: low / Impact: low
Risk assessment
Management policy
The Group engages Taiwanese legal advisers to amend its articles of 
association and other relevant provisions to protect the interests of its 
shareholders in accordance with laws and regulations such as Taiwan’s 
Securities and Exchange Act and Company Law, and the Group’s 
listing undertakings to the extent permitted by the laws of the Cayman 
Islands, as well as communicating regularly with the relevant authorities.
Risks arising from applicable laws and regulations that differ between 
the Cayman Islands and the Republic of China.
ADM
Description
Department in charge
  
Annual Report 7.6.10
G_02 Risks from Significant Transfers or Exchanges of Equity
Shareholders’ register and Shareholding Distribution
Risk indicator
Probability: low / Impact: low
Risk assessment
Management policy
The Group’s shareholding structure is stable, with its chairman and 
affiliates together holding a stable controlling shareholding, hence there
has been no significant transfer of equity.
The significant transfer of equity may affect the Group’s operating rights,
resulting in changes in the Group’s management and operating strategies.
ADM
Description
Department in charge
G_03 Risks from Changes in Operating Rights 
Annual Report 7.6.11
Shareholdings by operators, abnormal changes to the Board
Risk indicator
Probability: low / Impact: low
Risk assessment
Management policy
The Group’s chairman, Mr. Lan, has long invested his efforts in its
operations, so the shareholding situation is stable. There is currently 
no sign of a change in the Group’s ownership.
Changes in the Company’s operating rights may result in abnormal 
changes in its management and operating strategies, thus affecting the 
long-term stability in its client and labor relations.
ADM
Description
Department in charge
  
Annual Report 7.6.4
G_04 Risks from Important Domestic and Foreign Policy Changes
Major policy evaluations
Risk indicator
Probability: mid-low / Impact: mid-low
Risk assessment
Management policy
1. The Group is incorporated in the Cayman Islands, while its operating
 entity Wisdom Marine Lines S.A. is domiciled in Panama. The Cayman
 Islands have financial services as its main economic activity, whereas
 Panama is the world’s leading ship registry country, with an open
 economy and no foreign exchange controls. The two places offer a
 stable political and economic environment.
2. The Group is listed in Taiwan, which is a mature and stable capital
 market.
3. The Group’s major clients are domiciled in the European Union and
 Japan, which have an institutionalized, mature political system. There
 have been no policy changes sufficient to have a significant impact
 on the Group.
4. Various local ordinances have been amended with respect to the ports
 where the Group’s fleet is docked. However, prior to entering a port,
 the Group always works with local agents to ensure legal compliance.
 There are no circumstances where unclear regulations have caused
 a significant financial impact.
Significant changes in market policies and laws in Cayman, Panama, 
and Taiwan may affect the Group’s financial operations.
ADM
Description
Department in charge
2.2 Stakeholders Engagement
2.2.1 Identification of Stakeholders
Wisdom Marine Lines follows the five principles of the AA1000 Stakeholder Engagement Standard-
Reliance, Responsibility, Influence, Diverse Perspectives, Tension, in identifying potential stakeholder 
groups. Through discussions with working groups, the stakeholders were identified based on their 
relationships with Wisdom Marine Lines’ operations. The weight of each stakeholder groups’ judging 
themes was obtained following communication frequency, dependence, and influence evaluations. Eight 
categories of key stakeholders were identified. In order of weight, they are seafarer, employees, clients, 
suppliers, regulatory authorities, investors, the media, and insurance companies.
37
36
2 Risk Management and Stakeholder Engagement
2 Risk Management and Stakeholder Engagement

Stakeholder
Importance
Communi-
cation 
channels 
and 
frequency
Topics of 
concern
Steady transport 
quality relies on 
the professional 
services and safety
consciousness of 
the seafarer.
Phone: Irregular
Email: Daily
Ship Visit: Irregular
Wisdom Monthly:
Once a month
Channels of 
complaint:
Any time
・ Maritime Safety
・ Transport Quality
・ Investment in
 Eco Ships
・ Training and 
 Education
・ Human Rights
 Assessment
Seafarer
Good fleet
management is 
based on the 
expertise and 
teamwork of 
shore-based staff.
Announcement:
Irregular
Email: Irregular
Interview: Irregular
Labor meetings:
Quarterly
Appeal channels:
Any time
・ Employment
・ Labor /
 Management
 Relations
・ Maritime Safety
・ Occupational
 Health and Safety
・ Diversity and 
 Equal
 Opportunities
Employee
By purchasing
insurance, Wisdom 
Marine Lines can 
mitigate some of its 
operational risks and 
receive anti-loss 
advice, education, 
and training from the 
insurance company.
Ship Visit: Irregular
Email: Irregular
Workshop: Irregular
Education and 
training: Irregular
External audit:   
Irregular
・ Maritime Safety
・ Transport Quality
・ Investment in
 Eco Ships
・ Environmental
 Impact During
 Transportation
・ Human Rights
 Assessment
Insurance
company
Clients’ hires for 
vessels and 
payments for 
transport are the 
main sources of 
revenue for 
Wisdom Marine 
Lines.
Phone: Irregular
Email: Irregular
In-person visit:
Irregular
・ Transport Quality
・ Maritime Safety
・ Environmental
 Impact During
 Transportation
・ Environmental
 Compliance
Client
Ship management 
and maintenance 
rely on close 
cooperation 
between Wisdom 
Marine Lines and 
its suppliers.
Phone: Irregular
Email: Irregular
In-person visit:
Irregular
Appeal channels:
Any time
・ Maritime Safety
・ Investment in
 Eco Ships
・ Environmental
 Impact During
 Transportation
・ Materials
・ Transport Quality
Supplier 1
Wisdom Marine Lines 
maintains good 
interaction with the 
media and establishes
important bridges of 
communication with 
the public.
Phone: Irregular
Press releases:
Once a month
Interview: Irregular
Investor conference:
more than twice
per yeare
・ Maritime Safety
・ Transport Quality
・ Investment in
 Eco Ships
・ Economic
 Performance
・ Environmental
 Impact During
 Transportation
Media
Wisdom Marine Lines 
is owned by its all 
shareholders and 
follows a stable 
operating mode
in creating profits for 
its shareholders.
Phone: Irregular
Email: Irregular
Appeal channels:
Any tim
Investor conference:
more than twice
per yeare
・ Investment in
 Eco Ships
・ Environmental
 Compliance
・ Economic
 Performance
・ Emissions
・ Maritime Safety
Investor
The policy formulation
by regulatory
authorities has
a significant impact 
on the Company’s 
operations.
Phone: Irregular
Email: Irregular
Official
correspondences:
Irregular
・ Economic
 Performance
・ Energy
・ Emissions
・ Water
・ Effluents and Waste
Regulatory 
authority 2
2.2.2 Communication with Stakeholders
The importance of various types of stakeholders and their issues of concern, communication channels
with Wisdom Marine Lines, and communication frequencies are summarized below.
Note 1: Shipyards, repair dock yard, materials, spare parts, etc.
Note 2: Registered flag states, listing authorities, labor authorities, pollution prevention units, etc.
39
38
2 Risk Management and Stakeholder Engagement
2 Risk Management and Stakeholder Engagement

In 2018, eight types of stakeholders were invited to fill in the questionnaires to 
investigate their levels of interest in 28 topics. A total of 282 questionnaires 
were collected, of which 246 were valid questionnaires. In addition, the “Shock 
Level Questionnaire” was completed by the working group and senior supervisors
to assess the impact of various issues on the economy, environment, and society.
A total of eight questionnaires were collected. After summing up the levels of 
interest and impact, a material topic matrix was created, which identified nine 
material topics with a high level of concern. For details, please refer to Section 
2.3.2 Material topic Matrix.
2
Prioritization 
Once the ESG Report has been prepared, the working group conducted a final 
review of the content to ensure that it has not been misrepresented. Prior to the 
publication of the next annual report, the material topics and their sequencing 
will be revisited to ensure the completeness, responsiveness, and inclusiveness
of the annual material topics.
4
Review
2.3 Material Topics
2.3.1 Identification of Material Topics
Wisdom Marine Lines’ process for identifying Material Topics is as follows:
2.3.2 Material Topics Matrix
After the level of interest and impact were comprehensively assessed, a matrix of material topics 
was created as follows:
2.3.3 Disclosure Scope of Material Topics
The 28 material topics were classified into three categories according to the stakeholders’ level of 
concern and the impact of the themes on the Company’s operations, and are divided into three categories:
low, medium, and high levels of concern. The following nine material topics of high concern were set 
as follows:
In accordance with the GRI Standards, considering the characteristics of the 
shipping industry and referring to the material topics of the industry, the working
group summarized 28 topics of interest to Wisdom Marine Lines after discussions
with external consultants and internal senior executives.
1
Identification
Since there was no essential change in the operating environment, and taking 
into account the continuity of data tracking, the ESG report for this year continues
the same material topics in the same order, and responds to the nine material 
topics in the corresponding chapters. For details on the reporting scope, 
please refer to Section 2.3. 3 Material topics Reveal Boundary Table.
3
Validation
14
18
15 16
17
19
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
High
High
Low
Stakeholders’ level of concern
Impact level
Human Rights Assessment
14
Freedom of Association 
and Collective Bargaining
15
Non-discrimination
16
Labor / Management 
Relations
17
Effluents and Waste
18
Anti-corruption
19
Medium level of concern
Materials
1
Water and Effluents
2
Biodiversity
3
Supplier Environmental 
Assessment
4
Socioeconomic
Compliance
13
Market Presence
5
Occupational Health
and Safety
6
Diversity and Equal 
Opportunities
8
Training and Education
7
Forced or
Compulsory Labor
9
Supplier Social
Assessment
11
Local Communities
10
Customer Privacy
12
Low level of concern
Energy
21
Environmental Compliance
23
Employment
24
Environmental Impact During 
Transportation
28
Transportation Quality
27
Investment in Eco Ships
25
Maritime Safety
26
Emissions
22
Economic Performance
20
Material topic Boundaries
High level of concern
Within
the organization
Wisdom 
Investors
Clients
Suppliers
Outside
the organization
41
40
2 Risk Management and Stakeholder Engagement
2 Risk Management and Stakeholder Engagement

2.4 Participation
 
in External Organizations
Wisdom Marine Lines uses its internal assessment to manage risks, and stakeholder consultations to 
understand their reasonable expectations and needs. At the same time, the Company also actively 
participates in external organizations to keep abreast of the latest trends in sustainable operations,
shipping management, and environmental protection, and adjust its sustainable strategy as appropriate 
to improve the effectiveness of its sustainable development promotion.
Organization name
Participation status
American Bureau of Shipping (ABS)
Member
Bureau Veritas (BV)
Member
CR Classification Society (CR)
Director
Det Norske Veritas (DNV)
Chairman of the Taiwan committee
Lloyd’s Register (LR)
Member
Nippon Kaiji Kyokai (NK)
Member
National Chinese Seamen’s Union
Member
The Britannia Steam Ship Insurance Association Limited
Member
Organization name
Participation status
The Japan Ship Owners’ Mutual Protection & Indemnity Association
Member
Assuranceforeningen Skuld
Member
The Swedish Club
Member
Norwegian Hull Club
Committee member
The North of England Protecting & Indemnity Association Limited
Member
The United Kingdom Mutual War Risks Association Limited
Member
The London Maritime Arbitrators Association
Committee member
43
42
2 Risk Management and Stakeholder Engagement
2 Risk Management and Stakeholder Engagement

Shipping
Management
3
3.1 Supply Chain Management |45
3.2 Maritime Safety |50
3.3  Transport Quality |53
3.4 Investment in Eco Ships |57
3.1 Supply Chain Management
The Company’s vessels are mainly constructed by Japanese shipyards, and consultants are appointed 
to supervise the production. At the construction stage, the vessel’s specifications are certified by a ship 
classification society for compliance with international conventions. Before vessel delivery, registration 
with flag state must be done to obtain necessary certificates issued by flag state to get ready for sailing.
After vessel’s delivery for operation, the flag state and the classification society will periodically renew 
certificates to ensure the seaworthiness. During the operations, it depends on the cooperation of suppliers,
seafarer manning agencies, insurance companies, and dock yards to ensure smooth operations and 
achieve stable maritime transportation.
To keep the operational efficiency of fleet, the Company prioritizes the disposal of vessels aged more 
than 15 years by finding buyers in the second-hand market or selling to shipbreakers for scrapping.
● Flag state: Certificate renewal
● Ship classification society: Certificate renewal, certification for 
  
seaworthiness
● Supplier: Supply materials and spare parts
● Seafarer manning agency: Recommend suitable seafarers
● Insurance company: Loss prevention inquiries and compensation
● Dock yard: Ship maintenance
Ship
operations
Shipyards
● Consultancy company: Construction supervision for newbuilding
● Classification society: Vessel certification
● Flag state: Vessel registration,certificate Issuance
● Banking: Financing
Second-hand 
market
Scrapping
SDG 8 Dignified Work and Economic Growth
Contributions and Highlights /
● The Company’s contributions and performance highlights — In 2021, 
the Company conducted an average of eight drills and four trainings 
per vessel per month. More than 20 hours per month and about 240 
hours per year.
● In 2021, the Company had an average 2.13 deficiencies in each Port 
State Control Inspection (PSC Inspection), with a detention rate of 2.6%.
 The performance was rated “medium” for Tokyo MOU standards.
SDG 17 Sustainability PartnershipGrowth
Contributions and Highlights /
● The Company’s contributions and performance highlights — Continued
 business expansion under the highest principle of “integrity”, the
 Company has established long-term partnerships with leading
 international shipping companies, such as Viterra , NYK, “K” Line,
 and MOL.
SDG 12 Responsible Consumption and Productio
Contributions and Highlights /
● The Company’s contributions and performance highlights — The
 Company’s long-term investment in eco-friendly, energy-saving vessels
 with advanced specifications, of which vessels equipped with a ME
 main engine accounted for 48% at the end of 2021.
3 Shipping Management
45

The navigation and operational conditions of vessels are highly correlated with their initial design. 
Hence, new eco ships designed by Japanese shipyards with pollution prevention equipment are adopted
by the Company preferentially with a view to improve operational efficiency and reduce environmental 
pollution. On the basis of long-term cooperation, quotations and specifications for newbuildings 
offered by Japanese shipyards are competitive, and both parties can fully communicate on the new 
vessel design and new regulations. After delivery of vessel, Japanese shipyards offer good after-sales 
services including warranties, delivery of spare parts, technical support, and arrangement for technician’s
on-board services.
The survey of a vessel by a classification society begins with the construction of the newbuilding, including
drawing approval, the equipment installation review, the testing of hull outfitting, approval for calculation 
of hull structural strength, the on-site construction quality survey, the survey of draught marks, and 
performance test of main engine and generators, etc., to ensure that the vessel and its on-board facilities
comply with the SOLAS and MARPOL standards, and then issue CLASS and related certificates for 
seaworthiness. The regular surveys to be carried out after delivery of vessel for operation include: A
( annual surveys ), B intermediate surveys ( to be conducted around every two or three years ), and C 
special surveys (to be performed every five years).
In order to ensure the fulfillment of the international conventions and the maintenance of seaworthiness of
vessels, IMO member states require that registered vessels obtain various survey reports and certificates
issued by authorized classification societies.
The International Association of Classification Societies (IACS) was jointly founded by 11 classification 
societies to establish various ship construction rules and survey standards. At present, the five classification
societies with which the Company cooperates are ABS, BV, DNV, LR, and NK all of which belong to the IACS.
International
Safety
Management Code 
(ISM Code)
International
Ship and Port 
Facility Security 
Code (ISPS Code)
International
Convention for
the Safety of Life
at Sea (SOLAS)
International
Convention for
the Prevention of 
Pollution from 
Ships (MARPOL)
Maritime
Labour
Convention 2006 
(MLC 2006)
3.1.1 Shipyards
In accordance with the requirements of the rules for steel ships and the international conventions, two 
bottom surveys must be carried out within five years, and the interval between the two surveys must not 
exceed 36 months. The bottom survey must be carried out by taking the vessel into the repair dock 
yard’s dry dock or floating dock for the survey and maintenance of the bottom structure. The Company’s 
fleet travels on routes across the world. Before the dock repair, it is necessary to discuss with the charterer
the time and place for the vessel handover, confirm the docking space, and whether the repair dock yard 
has relevant technical certificates. The dock repair schedule and method shall be evaluated and discussed
by the repair dock yard and Technical Department, and records shall be kept relating to the repair dock 
yard’s repair quality, schedule controllability, repair technology, and coordination of communication. If 
the repair dock yard and its staff have relevant certificates, and the maintenance quality meets the 
survey standards of a ship classification society, it shall be included in the Company’s priority list for 
future inquires of repair quotation.
3.1.3 Repair Dock Yard
The International Maritime Organization (IMO) is a specialized agency of the United Nations responsible 
for Maritime Safety and the prevention of marine and atmospheric pollution from vessels. The IMO has 
formulated various international conventions to regulate the safety of ships, personnel, and the environment
(pollution prevention and control). The main regulations are listed below:
3.1.2 International Maritime Organization
 
and Classification Societies
Certified by the International Association of Classification 
Societies and international management certificates.
Qualification certificates for shipyard engineering personnel,
such as welder’s certificates.
Location
Price
Schedule
Collaborate with Charterer for vessel’s delivery and
redelivery times without affecting vessel’s next voyage.
Good progress control in the dockage period, which 
should be in line with the schedule.
Collaborate with Charterer for vessel’s delivery and
redelivery location.
Voyage length of bareboat.
The quotes for repair works suit the Company’s budget.
Assessment area for repair dock yards
International 
certification
3 Shipping Management
47
3 Shipping Management
46

● Whether the supplier is legally registered.
Legitimacy
● Whether the supplier is registered with
 the ISSA.
ISSA registration
● Items, quantities, and times for delivery 
meet the Company’s order requirements.
● The delivery quality is in line with the 
agreement between the two parties, which 
reduces the proportion of returns
 and exchanges.
● Improvement policy for poor delivery quality.
Obligational performance
● Expertise for promptly providing accurate 
answers to the Company’s inquiries.
● Provide technical support and solutions.
● The products or services provided meet the 
contractual requirements.
Expertise
The purchase and supply for the Company’s fleet depend on the seafarer’s reported needs and the 
vessel’s existing supplies, and are arranged by the Company’s Supply Department at the convenient port
to accommodate the charterer for their designated route.
The Company procures marine paints, chemicals, and lubricating oils from its regular suppliers to maintain
stability in prices and service quality. The purchase of other supplies is based on the purchase nature 
and the Company’s evaluation results on the prices, service quality, and delivery time of its partnered 
suppliers, which are required to comply with the Company’s integrity operation policy. The suppliers 
must conduct open and transparent transactions, and the Company’s staff must not offer, directly or 
indirectly, any promise or demand or accept any form of illegitimate benefits, so that the Company and 
its suppliers can jointly fulfill their corporate social responsibilities. For environmental protection 
purposes, the Company purchases its marine supplies locally as a principle to reduce the carbon emissions
generated during transportation.
With its routes located across the globe, the Company gives priority to its long-term partnerships suppliers
for emergency purchases. If there are no long-term partnerships suppliers in the port, the Company shall 
select a supplier registered with the International Ship Suppliers & Services Association (ISSA) and 
assess the supplier on its legality, supply capacity, and so on in accordance with the Company’s
“Evaluation Form for New Manufacturer Partners.”
Founded in 1955, the ISSA is an international association representing nearly 2,000 suppliers worldwide, 
with its members serving more than 500 locations. Suppliers registered with the ISSA must have various 
ISO certifications (e.g. ISO 9001 Quality Management Systems, ISO 14001 Environmental Management 
Systems, and ISO 45001 Occupational Health and Safety Management Systems) and various ethical 
standards (e.g., hostile price-cutting competition, exaggeration of product details, joint monopoly,
defamation of competitors, poaching their competitors’ employees are prohibited).
3.1.4 Suppliers
Evaluation of New Suppliers
In accordance with the process procurement procedure, the Company will establish a supplier contact 
list according to the category of purchased items, sign the contract after evaluation, and conduct irregular
performance assessments. The Company’s seafarer shall proactively report to the Company on their 
supply condition, or the Company will send a material assessment form to be completed on board as a 
reference for the future cooperation.
Evaluations of the Existing Suppliers
● Supply capacity, the stock status and
 storage size of the port / area.
● Whether the products provided meet the
 Company’s quality requirements / needs.
● Whether the supplier have sufficient
 supply experience.
Supply capacity
● The supplier reputation in the industry.
● Whether the supplier have relevant
 environmental certifications for
 its production and service processes?
● The supplier’s promotion of
 sustainable development.
Others
● Flexibility to change order details or
 delivery times.
● Provide flexibility to resolve disputes as 
they arise.
● Correct billing content, which minimizes the
 percentage of corrections.
Collaboration
● Timeliness and accuracy
 in daily business cooperation.
● Capability to meet urgent needs.
● Quotation competitiveness.
Operational performance
3 Shipping Management
49
3 Shipping Management
48

(a) The death or serious injury 
5
(b) Seafarers lost 
11
 
(missing, jumping into the water)
(c) Ships lost or abandoned 
−
 
(ships failing to return to port)
(d) Damage to the vessel caused 
4
 
by external forces or malfunctions,
 
affecting its seaworthiness
(e) Damage to the vessel caused 
6
 
by external forces or malfunctions,
 
which does not affect its seaworthiness
(f) Causing damage to the environment 
1
 
(involving less than 50 metric tons
 
of pollutants)
(g) Causing severe damage 
−
 
to the environment (involving more
 
than 50 metric tons of pollutants)
2 0 2 1/ 1/ 1~ 2 0 2 1/ 12 / 3 1
Number of occurrences in 2021
Total 27
Percentage of major incidents 
( a, c, g ) 19%
The Company’s fleet complies with the relevant regulations on hull structure, safety equipment, emergency
response procedures, etc., and formulates various drills and training plans according to the SOLAS, 
including helicopter rescue, man overboard rescue, enclosed space rescue, abandon ship drill, G / E and 
M / E failures, ship collisions, shipboard flooding, bombs, pirate attacks, stowaways, etc., in order to 
familiarize with the emergency handling processes in the event of an accident, thus minimizing damage 
and losses. In 2021, the Company required each vessel conducts 8 drills and 4 trainings per month on 
average, with an average of over 20 hours and approximately 240 hours per year. 
In addition, for navigation in high-risk areas, such as the Somalia seas, where pirates are currently rampant,
the Company has hired armed guards, joined group transit or naval escort to minimize the risk of an attack.
In 2021, the Company’s fleet experienced a total of 27 shipping safety incidents, of which 19% were 
major incidents, five involved fatalities or serious injuries, two seafarers dying of sicknesses, one  
suicide, and two industrial injuries. To prevent future work-related injuries, the Company issues safety 
management notices and adds relevant safety equipment to avoid the recurrence of similar incidents.
3.2.2 Shipping Safety Management
3.2 Maritime Safety
A
Purpose
To enhance the safety awareness of crews, in order to reduce the risk of incidents and achieve 
the safety of vessels, personnel, cargo, and the environment.
B
Policy
In order to enhance safety awareness and promote safe operations, the Company has established
a Safety Management System (SMS) for all seafarers and shore staff members to comply with.
D
Implementation Assessment and Adjustment Plans
for Management Policy
According to the Company’s evaluations of its performance in port inspections, there is currently
no need to adjust its safety management policy.
C
Management Approach
1. Comply with the International Convention for the Safety of Life at Sea (SOLAS).
2. Comply with the International Safety Management Code (ISM Code).
3. Hold regular Safety Management Committee meetings to review incidents
 and regulations related to maritime safety, which are then reported to the
 Board of Directors.
Commitment
1. In 2021, 3 Safety Management Committees were held.
2. In 2021, 1 internal audit and 2 external audits were conducted.
3. In 2021, 17 safety management notices were issued and SMS were updated
 twice.
Specific 
action
Board of Directors: Appoint a convener for the Safety Management Committee.
Safety Management Committee: Comprised of the heads of relevant departments
as convened by the convener to review safety incidents and procedures.
ISM Department: Manage shipping safety, update SMS content according to 
laws and regulations, as well as the Company’s actual needs, conduct internal
audits and issue safety management notices.
Technical Department: Supervise vessel maintenance and repair, as well as 
tracking class condition projects.
Business & Operation Department: Oversees vessel operations.
Seaman Affairs Department: Responsible for the recruitment, management, 
and embarkation and debarkation arrangements for seafarers.
Responsibility
& Resource
1. To improve port inspection performance.
2. To reduce the occurrence of ship incidents.
Goal and 
Target
3.2.1 Management Approach
3 Shipping Management
51
3 Shipping Management
50

WISDOM
Tokyo MOU avg.
Average number of deficiencies
found per inspection
3.3 Transport Quality
A
Purpose
To optimize routes and transit times, in order to ensure that the quality and quantity of cargo are 
not compromised.
B
Policy
1. The Company complies with regulations related to cargo transportation to ensure that the
 loading of cargo does not cause safety concerns to the vessel.
2. The Company formulates an adequate stowage plan prior to cargo loading operation  confirms
 cargo quality, monitors the loading process, and then records the quantity and loading situation
 of the cargo.
3. During the voyage, the Company carries out cargo hold monitoring, cargo condition logging or
 ventilation work according to the cargo nature, as well as recording weather, meteorology, and
 the vessel’s speed and fuel consumption.
4. The Company also monitors cargo discharge operation.
C
Management Policy
1. Comply with the International Maritime Solid Bulk Cargoes Code (IMSBC
 Code) and International Maritime Dangerous Goods Code (IMDG Code).
2. Periodical maintenance of the fleet  to ensure their cargo hold watertightness
 and cleanliness.
3. The Company’s onshore personnel maintain a constant contact with vessel’s
 crew and provide supports in preparations for cargo operation.
Commitment
3.3.1 Management Approach
In the event of an accident or major mechanical failure, if the seaworthiness and safety of the vessel may 
be affected, a classification society shall be contacted for an provisional survey, which shall be carried 
out by a ship surveyor to determine whether the ship condition is safe for navigation or list class conditions
to be improved, and recommend any required repairs or replacement of spare parts.
As of December 31, 2021, the Company’s fleet had 50 outstanding class conditions, which will be rectified
before the due dates.
In 2021, the Company’s fleet undergone PSC Inspection for a total of 340 times, of which defects were 
identified in 170 inspections. Total 723 deficiencies were identified, and averaged 2.13 per inspection, 
leading to a detention rate of 2.6%. Compared with the average 2.41% and 2.93% in the Tokyo MOU, the 
Company’s performance was at a medium level, and was a slight improvement compared with 2020.
Provisional Vessel Survey
Annual Performance in PSC Inspection
The IMO authorizes port states to establish a port state control (PSC) to carry out safety inspections on 
board ships, issue deficiency report on non-compliance, require improvements for vessels, as well as 
reviewing the situation and then proposing preventive measures. In severe cases, the port state will 
detain the ship, which may not depart until the non-compliance has been rectified.
Port states in different regions have established organizations similar to alliances to strengthen their 
inspection efficiency and standardize inspection standards.  For example, the Tokyo MOU covers 20 
port states in the Asia-Pacific region, and the Paris MOU mainly covers European Union member states. 
Port states of the same alliance will share the inspection history of vessels to facilitate their tracking of 
records about their past defects and to perform rechecks to confirm that the required rectification work 
has been carried out.
With regard to PSC Inspection, the Company’s shore personnel send various circulars, self-inspection 
forms for vessels, and other precautionary notices in accordance with the guidelines of the Ship Safety 
Management System, and instruct the vessels to complete a pre-examination during their voyage, so as 
to pass their upcoming inspections after they arrive at the ports and avoid being detained due to major 
deficiency.
Self-inspection Process:
3.2.3 Port State Control Inspection
The vessel receives voyage 
instructions about the port it 
is approaching.
The Captain instructs the 
seafarers to carry out a self 
inspection.
Company’s PIC sends a note 
to the Captain.
The Company guides the 
crew to rectify the deficiency.
The Captain reports the self 
inspection results to the 
Company.
Detention rate 
2.32
1.85
2.34
1.82
1.80
1.96
2.41
2.96%
3.13%
2.93%
2.54%
2.10%
2.10%
2.60%
4.10%
2.13
2018
2019
2020
2021
2018
2019
2020
2021
3 Shipping Management
53
3 Shipping Management
52

D
Implementation Assessment and Adjustment Plans
for Management Policy
In 2021, the Company’s fleet maintained a low cargo claim rate of 1.4%, and its pass rate of the 
first hold inspection was 97.8%. Based on these two indicators, the Company’s transport quality
shows a stable trend over the long term. At present, the Company has no plan to modify its
management policy.
C
Management Policy
Irregularly arrange lectures on claims procedure and loss prevention.
Specific 
action
The fleet is equipped with daily report system StormGeo, which provides 
real-time weather information on the ship’s location, speed, and weather 
conditions; it also provides sailing route and voyage time optimization.
Safety Management Committee: In charge of review and deliberate on major 
cargo transportation issues.
Business & Operation Department: Monitor the loading, discharging and 
transportation of cargo, and conduct educational training based on the loss 
prevention team’s collected case study results.
Seaman Affairs Department: Enhance crews’ expertise in loading and
transporting of different cargoes.
Technical Department: Oversee and maintain sound vessel conditions.
Responsibility
& Resource
1. To maintain the fleet’s first-time pass rate in pre-loading hold inspections.
2. To maintain fleet’s current low cargo shortage and damage rate.
3. To monitor the cargo in-transit time in accordance to the charter party speed.
Goal and 
Target
In order to ensure the complete transportation of cargo on each voyage, the operational personnel from 
the Company’s Business & Operation Department will provide voyage’s relevant information on the 
cargo on the voyage via mail, telephone, etc., reminding the vessel’s crew on the cargo characteristics, 
cargo loading precautions, cargo moisture content testing, cargo temperature monitoring, and port 
specific regulations, etc.
The Company’s in-house electronic notice board system is also equipped with a loss prevention archive 
for its employees to independently educate and train themselves, such information can also be shared 
with the sea crews; staffs are also encouraged to participate in relevant seminars to hone their professional
skills in transport management.
In 2021, the Company’s first-time pass rate in hold inspections was 97.8%, of which vessels failed their 
first cargo hold inspection on 25 voyages, mainly due to insufficient hold maintenance and cargo 
residues. Cargo residues are the charterer’s responsibility under a time charter and should be cleared 
by charterers. The Company has also strengthened supervision measures for cleaning tools inventory 
checks and cargo hold maintenance procedures to improve the cargo hold maintenance standard.
Pre-loading Preparations
The Company’s fleet complies with international regulations such as the IMSBC Code and IMDG Code. 
While the vessel’s safety is prioritized, the fleet loads and discharge cargo based on the vessel type and 
cargo characteristics, and carries out flexible adjustments after considering the specific needs of the 
charterer and market requirement.
In order to improve management efficiency, since 2017, the Company has implemented the daily-reporting
meteorological system developed by meteorological navigation company StormGeo. The system enables
Company to obtain the vessel’s location through the Automatic Identification System (AIS) and onshore 
automatic identification system, and can provide real-time meteorological information based on the 
vessel’s real time location.
In 2021, the Company’s fleet suffered cargo damage and shortage on a total of 16 voyages, with the 
cargo damage occurrence rate reaching 1.4%. Analysis shows that the main reason for the cargo losses 
this year was due to the detection errors and mishandlings of the vessels’ draft survey. The Company 
has strengthened educational training in draft survey procedures. 
Transport Quality Management
3.3.2 Cargo Transport
Pass rate
2018
2019
2020
2021
98.0%
96.2%
96.8%
97.8%
Cargo damage rate
2018
2019
2020
2021
1.0%
1.4%
1.4%
1.3%
3 Shipping Management
55
3 Shipping Management
54

In 2021, the Company’s fleet was capable of operating for a total of 49,595 days, and the number of 
effective operation (revenue-generating ) days was 47,958 days (about 97% ). Routine drydocking 
accounted for about 1.5% of the total ineffective operation days. Due to the pandemic, the proportion of 
replacing seafarers to the maximum operational days was extended by about 0.6%. The remaining 
losses mainly stemmed from mechanical failure and seafarer injuries and illnesses. With regard to 
mechanical failure, the Company has strengthened its supervision for routine maintenance of ships. For 
seafarer injuries and illnesses, the Company will continue to monitor the implementation of industrial 
safety assurance, crews’ health management, and pandemic prevention measures for vessels at port.
The Company invests in eco ships with advanced
specifications for the long term, and actively adopts new 
designs and energy-saving, eco-friendly equipment, 
aiming to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and improve 
energy efficiency. It also complies with international
environmental regulations and builds a leading green fleet 
in the industry.
As of the end of 2021, for the Company’s fleet classified by 
Engine Type ( excluding the manage-only vessel ), new 
eco-ships with the ME type main engine accounted for 
48%. Including Company’s newbuilding vessels under 
construction, such new type of eco-ships with ME main 
engine are expected to make up 54% of the Company’s 
fleet in 2024.
Operational Management
Measurement differences
Errors in instruments for shore
scaling, and errors in the ship’s
cargo quantity as measured
by its draft survey at the 
loading and discharging ports.
11
Weather factors
For example, the cargo can 
be damaged by sudden rain 
during discharging.
1
Others
For example, the charterer 
requires the discharge of a 
specific quantity of cargo at 
different ports, resulting in a 
cargo shortage at subsequent
discharging port.
1
Cargo characteristics
For example, grains with 
high moisture content are 
prone to moldiness and 
deterioration.
3
Improper cargo stowage
For example, failure to lash 
and tie steel or mechanical 
equipment during loading 
or discharging.
0
Fleet suffered 
cargo damage 
and shortage
in 2021
Total 16
In the event of cargo damage or shortage, the Shipowners’
Protection and Indemnity Club ( P&I) should be contacted
by the following procedure:
1. The shipowner and P&I send surveyors to the site to confirm the extent of cargo damage.
2. The shipowner instructs the Captain to sign a letter of protest for the claimant.
3. The shipowner confirms the investigation report issued by the inspector and preliminarily 
assesses the cargo damage situation, including the amount involved.
4. With the assistance of P&I, the shipowner discusses the solution with the claimant.
5. If a settlement cannot be reached, both parties will be going through legal procedures.
3.4 Investment in Eco Ships
3.4.1 Green Fleet
1
2
3
4
5
7
8
6
9
Ships are specially designed to reduce wave-making resistance.
 
The windlass, cable crane, and hatch cover are driven by electric
 
motors to reduce fuel consumption and contamination.
Smooth coatings are used in exterior paint to reduce navigational 
resistance.
Electronic fuel injection systems are adopted to reduce fuel 
consumption compared to traditional diesel engines.
Ballast water treatment systems are installed to reduce the impact 
of the marine environment.
The DUET + Fin & MT-FAST & NCF system is adopted for propellers
to increase propulsion efficiency.
Exhaust boilers and heat waste reclamation systems are adopted 
to increase reuse of the heat waste from the ship’s main engines.
The exposure of the living quarters’ front to winds is decreased to 
reduce wind resistance and fuel consumption.
1
2
3
4
5
7
8
6
9
Proportion of vessels
with ME engines in the
Wisdom fleet
2021
2024
48%
54%
3 Shipping Management
57
3 Shipping Management
56

The Energy Efficiency Design Index (EEDI) measures a vessel’s carbon emissions per nautical mile of 
voyage with every ton of cargo and is related to the main engine, mechanical energy efficiency technology,
hull, equipment, etc. The standard level in the EEDI, which should be reached by each vessel, is calculated
by classification societies based on the vessel type and equipment, and is documented in the International
Energy Efficiency Certificate (IEEC).
According to Annex VI of the MARPOL, the keel laid date between 2013 and 2014 (Phase 0) shall be 
subject to the EEDI calculation. The lower the EEDI value, the higher the energy efficiency of the vessel 
design. The Phase I requirements shall be met by vessels with its keel laid date between 2015 and 2019, 
the Phase II standards by those keel laid date from 2020 to 2024, and the Phase III ones by those keel 
laid date from 2025. The efficiency requirements differ from Phases I to III, with the required energy 
efficiency improvements increasing by 10% by phase.
The Company’s purchase of newbuilding adheres to the principle of environmental protection and energy
conservation, reducing carbon emissions by vessels from the design. Currently, 19 of the Company’s 
vessels meet the Phase I standards. From 2022 to 2024, of the Company’s upcoming 17 newbuilding, 
fivewill meet the Phase I standards and 12 the Phase II requirements. In general, larger vessels with 
similar main engines can achieve higher energy efficiency due to their large cargo capacity. For years, 
the Company’s newbuilding has exceeded the standard EEDI value, with an average EEDI value for the 
Company’s seven new vessels reaching 6.89 in 2021, higher than the standard value of 7.44.
3.4.2 Energy Efficiency Design Index (EEDI)
Standard EEDI value
Actual EEDI value
Unit: gram-CO2/ tonne-mile
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
5.62
4.78
5.54
4.59
4.69
3.80
7.12
6.50
7.44
6.97
5.14
4.71
4.64
4.06
14
10
10
8
8
4
7
Number of newbuilding
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
4
SDG 3 Good Health and Well-being
Contributions and Highlights /
● The Company’s contributions and performance highlights — In
 compliance with Appendix I of the MARPOL— Prevention of Pollution
 by Oil, the Company implements oil pollution management, and
 transparently uncovers and reviews incidents of non-compliance with
 environmental laws and regulations for improvements. The Company 
had only 1 oil spill incident in 2021.
SDG 13 Climate Action
Contributions and Highlights /
● The Company’s contributions and performance highlights — The
 Company improved its ship management quality by collecting data 
through the StormGeo system, analyzing the navigation efficiency of 
its fleet, and measuring its greenhouse gas emissions.
SDG 14 Life Below Water
Contributions and Highlights /
● The Company’s contributions and performance highlights — At the
 end of 2021, the Company accounted for 94% of the fleet equipped
 with ballast water treatment systems in compliance with the
 international convention on the ballast water management.
4.1 Energy |60
4.2 Emissions |64
4.3 Environmental Impact
of the Transport Process |67
4.4 Compliance with Environmental Laws
and Regulations |71
Marine Environment
Sustainability
3 Shipping Management
58

4.1 Energy
A
Purpose
To improve the Company’s energy efficiency to enhance its fleet competitiveness and reduce 
the emissions of greenhouse gas (GHG) and other pollutants, as well as environmental impacts.
B
Policy
The Company aims to comply with relevant international regulations, monitor its fleet’s energy 
consumption and emissions, dispose old and less energy-efficient ships, and invest in 
eco-ships. As long as safety and charter times are unaffected, the Company will coordinate with 
charterers in adjusting the voyage speed for energy conservation purposes.
D
Implementation Assessment and Adjustment Plans
for Management Policy
In 2021, the Company’s EEOI value was 12.21, a slight improvement from 2020. The proportion 
of eco-ships to the Company’s fleet also continued to rise to 48%, so there is no need to adjust 
its management policy for the time being.
C
Management Approach
1. Comply with Annex VI of the International Convention for the Prevention of 
 Pollution from Ships ( MARPOL ) — Regulations for the Prevention of Air
 Pollution from Ships.
2. Execute the Ship Energy Efficiency Management Plan.
3. Continuously invest in energy-saving ships and eliminate old ships.
Commitment
1. As of the end of 2021, the Company’s entire fleet complied with the EEXI.
2. By the end of 2021, simulated evaluations based on the Carbon Intensity 
Indicator (CII) were completed for the Company’s whole fleet (calculated 
using 2020 sailing data).
Specific 
action
ISM Department: Supervise vessels in their compliance with various
environmentallaws and regulations.
Technical Department: Supervise routine maintenance and repair of the 
Company’s fleet.
Business & Operation Department: Supervise the daily operations of vessels 
and their fuel consumption.
Responsibility
& Resource
1. To continuously improve the Company’s fleet performance in relation to the 
Energy Efficiency Operational Indicator (EEOI).
2. To continuously increase the proportion of eco-ships to the Company’s fleet.
3. To have fleet-wide operations meet the regulatory standards in the Energy 
Efficiency Existing Ship Index (EEXI) from 2023.
Goal and 
Target
4.1.1 Management Approach
The Company’s headquarters regularly promote energy-saving concepts to their employees through 
internal announcements, and select equipment that are more eco-friendly and energy-saving, include 
gradually replacing lighting equipment with LED light tubes from 2019, and adding heat insulation and 
sun protection films to their windows reduce the indoor temperature rise, indirectly reducing their need 
for air-conditioning.
A.Energy-saving Measures by Headquarters
In accordance with the Ship Energy Efficiency Management Plan (SEEMP) issued by the IMO, the Company’s
fleet implements energy management plans, in which they adjust their optimal speed based on voyage 
needs, as well as reducing their energy use and environmental pollution without affecting the vessel’s 
life cycle. The specific measures are as follows:
B.Ship Energy Efficiency Management Plan
4.1.2 Energy Management
● The Captain liaises closely with the port agent to ensure instant 
communication in case of changes in the ship’s voyage plan.
● The Captain adjusts the port arrival time based on the berthing 
schedule provided by the port agent. 
Instant
communication
● The Captain reviews the energy usage on board, plans energy 
conservation policies, and raises the awareness of the seafarer to 
conserve energy.
● The Chief Engineer lists the equipment that can be turned off 
during the berthing period.
● The vessel’s entire seafarer jointly reviews the benefits of energy-
 saving actions every month.
Instant
communication
● The Chief Engineer judges the vessel’s optimal speed by using the
 “Ship Speed-Main Engine Speed-Fuel Consumption” comparison
 table.
● The Captain and charterer confirm the speed requirements for the 
voyage.
● The Captain, charterer, and shipowner discuss the optimal speed 
to improve the energy efficiency.
● The Captain adjusts the vessel’s speed according to the weather 
and sea conditions.
Ship speed 
optimization
61
4 Marine Environment Sustainability
4 Marine Environment Sustainability
60

Heavy Fuel Oil (HFO)
Ship
6,386 
0
0
Very low sulphur fuel oil (VLSFO)
0
10,648 
5,772 
Marine gas oil (MGO) / marine diesel oil (MDO)
240 
1,082
1,718 
Total (ton)
6,626
11,730 
7,490 
Electricity consumption
Taipei office
226,145 
241,478 
233,945 
Petrol (liter)
Business vehicle
4,400
4,400
4,400
Total energy consumption
282,307
517,778
332,553
Proportion of HFO
96%
90%
76%
Proportion of renewable energy source use
0%
0%
0%
Energy use (GJ)
281,350
516,765
331,657
Total voyage distance (nautical mile)
115,243
111,180
94,111
Total cargo load (ton)
486,016
1,102,568
261,701
Energy intensity (GJ / ton-nautical mile)
2.53
2.86
3.52
2 0 1 9
I t e m
A c t i v i t y  D a t a
2 0 2 1
2 0 2 0
The operation modes of the Company’s fleet can be broadly divided into two categories: time charters 
and voyage charters. The daily hire is paid by the charterer for the time charter period. The shipowner 
instructs the Captain to sail in accordance with the charterer’s voyage instructions, and the charterer is 
responsible for purchasing fuel and managing energy use. The voyage charter is based on the loading 
and unloading location designated by the cargo owner, and is planned by the Company for the voyage 
as well as fuel purchase and consumption management.
Divided by operational control in energy use, “internal energy use” includes oil consumed by the Company’s
fleet on its controlled voyages, petrol used by business vehicles, and electricity consumed by the Company’s
Taipei headquarters (the electricity consumption area is measured 3,381 square meters, including four 
floors, of which two floors are chartered-in and the other two for use by the headquarters). “External 
energy use” includes the fuel oil consumed by ships during time charters and the manage-only vessel.
4.1.3 Energy Use
4.1.4 Energy Efficiency Operational Indicator (EEOI )
A.Internal Energy Use
Energy use (GJ)
20,043,237
26,664,915
24,997,214
Total voyage distance (nautical mile)
6,294,351 
7,042,430
7,041,289 
Total cargo load (ton)
41,517,537
49,935,035 
39,328,442
Energy intensity (GJ / ton-nautical mile)
3.18
3.79
3.55
Total energy consumption
20,043,237
26,664,915
24,997,214
Proportion of HFO
94%
93%
94%
Proportion of renewable energy source use
0%
0%
0%
Heavy Fuel Oil (HFO)
Ship
445,760
14,823
12,447 
Very low sulphur fuel oil (VLSFO)
1,184 
551,497
521,985 
Marine gas oil (MGO) / marine diesel oil (MDO)
24,472 
40,027
34,063 
Total (ton)
471,416
606,347
568,495 
2
0
1
9
Item
A c t i v i t y  D a t a
2
0
2
1
2
0
2
0
B.External Energy Use
The Energy Efficiency Operational Indicator (EEOI) measures the carbon emissions per unit of cargo 
and distance travelled by vessels. The lower the EEOI value, the better the operational efficiency, 
which can be optimized when the vessel is fully loaded and sailing at economic speed. The Company’s
operation mode is mainly based on charters, and it has no fixed schedules and routes for bulk shipping.
The loading and discharging port, cargo capacity, sailing speed, and routes must be planned in
accordance with the clients’ voyage instructions, and are not controlled by shipowners. Changes in 
the EEOI value do not represent the fleet’s actual operational efficiency.
2 0 1 9
11.93
2 0 2 0
12.29
2 0 2 1
12.21
Average EEOI for fleet
In order to effectively implement the goal of gradually reducing the carbon intensity of the shipping 
industry, the IMO passed two new regulations at the MEPC 76 meeting in June 2021, namely the Energy 
Efficiency Existing Ship Index (EEXI) and the Carbon Intensity Index (CII), which will take effect on 1 
January 2023. 
4.1.5 Energy Efficiency Existing Ship Index ( EEXI ) 
 
and Carbon Intensity Index ( CII ) 
63
4 Marine Environment Sustainability
4 Marine Environment Sustainability
62

The EEXI regulations mandate that regardless of the construction year, vessels with their first international
air pollution prevention survey conducted after 1 January 2023, shall be subject to the validation of its 
calculated EEXI value and require the International Energy Efficiency Certificate (IEEC). The calculated 
EEXI value for each vessel is required to be at least 20% higher than the reference value.
The CII regulations require that from January 1, 2023, all vessels on international routes should calculate 
their CII value based on the annual voyage distance, fuel consumption, and other data, and compare 
it with the reference value to determine the ratings of each vessel, ranging from A to E. If its rating has 
been D or E for three consecutive years, an improvement plan must be proposed to the flag state.
The Company has been following the development of these two new regulations since 2021 and began 
to check the compliance of the whole fleet with the EEXI regulations after the resolution of the MEPC 76 
meeting in mid-2021. In 2022, it cooperated with the shipyard and the main engine manufacturer to carry 
out the vessel’s main engine speed adjustment (EPL, Engine Power Limitation) in order to achieve the 
goal of the whole fleet complying with the EEXI regulations from 2023.
The Company divides greenhouse gases in and outside the organization by operational control. Main 
sources of Scope 1 emissions are fuel consumed by vessels on voyages controlled by Wisdom, and also 
include personnel activities, refrigerant refills for the fleet, and use of company vehicles. Main source of 
Scope 2 emissions is purchased electricity at the headquarter. Main sources of Scope 3 emissions are 
fuel consumed by vessels on time-charter or managed by Wisdom on behalf of third parties. Voluntary 
inventories have been completed for Scope 1, Scope 2, and Scope 3 emissions according to ISO 14064-1.
4.2 Emissions
4.2.1 Greenhouse Gas Emissions
The Company’s fleet has the Engine International Air Pollution Prevention (EIAPP) and technical files 
(Technical File) for NOx management. It also manages sulphur oxides and ozone-destroying substances 
according to the Company’s Safety Management System.
The MARPOL Annex VI requires that newbuilding whose keel was laid between 2000 and 2010 comply 
with the phase I regulations for NOx emissions, those between 2011 and 2015 should abide by Phase II 
regulations, and those from 2016 phase III ones. The control over NOx emissions becomes stricter by 
phase.
According to the IMO’s sulphur limitation regulations, except for vessels equipped with qualified scrubbers,
the sulphur content of merchant marine fuel around the global shall not exceed 0.5%. As of the end of 2021,
the Company had installed scrubbers on three ships, with the other ones fully powered by low-sulphur 
fuel with less than 0.5% sulphur content.
As required by laws and regulations to reduce damage to the ozone layer, the Company uses
environmentally friendly refrigerants on most of its vessels. Only a few vessels constructed during the 
transitional period use non-environmentally friendly refrigerants. As of the end of 2021, the Company 
had 12 such vessels, whose total filling capacity for non-environmentally friendly refrigerants was 190kg.
4.2.2 Air Pollutant Emissions
The Company’s greenhouse gas emissions are mainly from scope 1 and 3. Based on the IMO reduction 
strategy, the Company has adopted Annual Efficiency Ratio (AER) as the measurement for the carbon 
emission intensity, set 2008 as the base year, targeted to reduce carbon emission intensity by at least 
55% by 2030 and at least 80% by 2040.
4.2.3 Reduction Target
Scope 1
27,843
43,974 
30,733 
Scope 2
121
123 
 117 
Total of Scope 1 and Scope 2
27,963
44,097
30,851
Scope 3
1,470,284 
1,912,251
1,792,783
Metric ton
(CO2e)
2
0
1 9
I t e m
2 0
2 1
U n i t
2 0
2 0
Note 1:  Scope 1 and Scope 3 emissions are estimated mainly by fuel use. The emission coefficients are
 
based on IMO MEPC.245 (66). The emission coefficient for Scope 2 purchased electricity is
 
calculated according to the most recent electricity emission coefficient published by the Bureau
 
of Energy of MOEA. GHG types: carbon dioxide, methane, nitrous oxide, hydrochlorofluorocarbons,
 
perflourocarbons, and sulphur hexafluoride. 
Note 2: The emission coefficient for fuel oils is 3.114 for HSFO, 3.151 for LSFO and 3.206 for other fuel oils.
Note 3: The electricity emission coefficient was 0.533, 0.509, and 0.502 (kg CO2/ kWh) in 2019, 2020, and
 
2021 respectively.
NOx
662.56
1,172.99
748.98
Estimate by BIMCO Shipping KPI formula—
oil consumption x NOx emission factor
PM10
12.05
22.22
14.42
Estimated by formula—
fuel consumption x PM10 emission factor
Ton
Sulphur oxide
357.86
107.56
59.44
Estimate by formula—
oil consumption x sulphur content of
oil products x sulphur oxide emission factor
2 0 1 9
E m i s s i o n s
R e f e r e n c e
2 0 2 1
Unit
2 0 2 0
Ozone-depleting substances
Non-eco-friendly refrigerant
R-22
478
228
190
Kg
Eco-friendly refrigerant
R-404A、R134A、R407C
1,604
1,656
2,015
2019
I t e m
2021
Unit
R e m a r k
2020
65
4 Marine Environment Sustainability
4 Marine Environment Sustainability
64

Base Year
(1) Adopt Annual Efficiency Ratio (AER) as the
 
measurement for the carbon emission intensity.
(2) Set 2008 as the base year, targeted to reduce
 
carbon emission intensity by at least 55% by
 
2030 and at least 80% by 2040.
Wisdom Marine’s Reduction Target 
2008
2021
2030
2020
2019
2040
AER
(gCO2/dwt/nm)
% reduction compared
to the base year
2.00
0.00
4.00
6.00
8.00
10.00
12.00
14.00
16.00
18.00
20.00
100%
0%
20%
40%
60%
80%
Now
reduced 42%
Reduce 80%
by 2040
2008
2030
2021
2040
reduce
55%
reduce
80%
The AER of the Company’s fleet in 2008 was estimated to be 19.64 according to the Fourth IMO GHG 
Study 2020. Starting from 2019, the fleet’s actual AER has been collected by the reporting system. The 
Fleet’s average AER for 2021 was 11.65, reduced about 42% compared to 2008. Compared to the previous
two years, 2021’s AER was slightly higher mainly due to lower fleet turnover rate, resulting from the 
prolonged quarantine period and the delays in port operations.
In order to achieve the target, the Company will continue to invest in high-specification eco-ships and 
adopt new designs and energy-saving equipment to reduce emissions and improve energy efficiency. 
On the operational side, the Company will implement energy-saving actions in accordance with the Ship 
Energy Efficiency Management Plan (SEEMP) to optimize sailing speed, reduce energy consumption 
and reduce environmental pollution. 
4.3 Environmental Impact
 
of the Transport Process
A
Purpose
To combat marine pollution, protect the marine environment, and reduce the impact on the 
environment during transportation.
B
Policy
The Company aims to comply with international laws and regulations, establish standard 
disposal procedures for waste and ballast water generated during transportation, such as 
sewage, household garbage, etc., to avoid oil spill incidents, and insure against relevant risks to 
cover cleaning and compensation costs incurred in the event of incidents.
C
Management Approach
1. Comply with Appendix I of the MARPOL — Prevention of Pollution by Oil.
2. Comply with Annex IV of the MARPOL — Regulations for the Prevention of
 Pollution by Sewage from Ships.
3. Comply with Annex V of the MARPOL — Regulations for the Prevention of
 Pollution by Garbage from Ships.
4. Comply with the International Convention on Civil Liability for Bunker Oil
 Pollution Damage (Bunker Convention).
5. Comply with the International Convention for the Control and Management
 of Ships’ Ballast Water and Sediments.
6. Insure against the shipowner’s responsibilities and pollution clean-up, and
 employ an emergency response team in specific waters in accordance with
 the law.
Commitment
ISM Department: Supervise vessels in complying with various environmental 
laws and regulations, arrange regular surveys by classification societies, and 
vessel visit irregularly to conduct audits.
Technical Department: Supervise routine maintenance and repair of the 
Company’s fleet.
Business & Operation Department: Oversee the day-to-day operations of 
vessels.
Responsibility
& Resource
1. Implement legal and regulatory requirements.
2. Zero legal and regulatory violations.
Goal and 
Target
4.3.1 Management Approach
Base Year
67
4 Marine Environment Sustainability
4 Marine Environment Sustainability
66

The water sources of the Company’s fleet include freshwater manufactured by seawater desalination 
machines and purchased onshore. The former is mainly for everyday on-board washing and cooking, 
while the latter is mainly for consumption by seafarers. The Company’s sewage management follows 
Annex IV of the MARPOL—Regulations for the Prevention of Pollution by Sewage from Ships, and divides
everyday water into three types for management: “oil-containing water”, “sewage water”, and “gray 
water”. Hold washing water and deck water are collected by special pipelines to storage tanks, and then 
discharged to the sea at an appropriate distance from the shore after the vessel leaves the port. If the hold 
washing water contains substances harmful to marine life, they will be discharged at an appropriate port.
The disposal measures of the Company’s fleet based on the sewage category are as follows:
B.Sewage Management
● The Captain was informed of an oil spill from seafarers.
● The Captain sounds the alarm for all seafarers to be prepared for an 
oil spill emergency.
● The Captain informs port authorities, companies, and nearest port 
agencies.
Report
● As the situation stabilizes, the Captain and Chief Engineer investigate
 the cause of the accident.
● The captain report the investigation results, corrective actions and 
preventive measures.
Investigate 
and improve
With oil spill a major environmental issue in the shipping industry, the Company follows Appendix I of the 
MARPOL in managing oil spills from vessels, and developing procedures for handling oil spill.
4.3.2 Oil Pollution Management
D
Implementation Assessment and Adjustment Plans
for Management Policy
In 2021, the Company’s feet had one minor ship pollution incident (please see Section 4.4 for 
details), in which a small amount of oil-polluted water accidentally mixed with ballast water and 
flowed into the sea. The Company’s evaluation of the incident showed that the cause of the 
accident was not human error, so there is currently no plan to adjust its management policy.
Summon
a team
● The Company summons an emergency team to discuss measures to 
be implemented on board.
● The Captain summons all seafarers and implements oil spill handling 
measures in accordance with the emergency arrangement form and 
the Company’s recommendations.
Record
● The Captain records the time of occurrence, actions taken and the 
end time of the entire accident in the deck logbook.
● Reports are prepared in accordance with the safety management 
regulations for review by relevant authorities.
● Reduce oil spill: Transfer residual oil to other oil tanks and clean oil 
spills on the deck use oil-absorbing materials.
● Controlling the area of the oil spill: Determine whether a second or 
third layer of oil boom is required, taking into account on-site weather
 factors, such as wind, waves, currents, and tides.
● Recovery of oil spills: Dispose the used oily materials and recover 
oil spills to an oil pollution recovery organization in coastal countries.
Action
The Company’s headquarters regularly promotes the concept of water conservation to their employees 
through internal announcements, and gradually chooses water-saving products, including upgrading the 
hardware equipment of the toilets during the renovation in 2019, and installing induction faucets and 
toilets with the feature to control the amount of flush water. In recent years, the water use situation 
was as follows:
A.Water Resources Used by Headquarters
4.3.3 Water Resources Management
After being treated by an Oily Water Separator, the bilge will be discharged
into the sea as long as the oil content alarm confirms that the oil content 
has dropped to 15ppm. If the treatment performance does not meet the 
standards, the discharge will be stopped. To ensure the effectiveness of 
the oil content alarm, a calibration test should be arranged every five years.
Bilge
Ships are equipped with a sewage treatment plant or sewage storage 
tanks, which, following appropriate crushing and sterilization, will 
discharge sewage at an appropriate distance from the shore and at a 
suitable speed in accordance with the law.
Sewage
Newbuilding equipped with gray water storage tanks to store the gray 
water generated at the port. After leaving the port, the vessel will discharge
gray water into the sea at an appropriate distance to avoid pollution of 
the port.
Gray water
Year
Water consumption
1,804
2 0 1 9
1,806
2 0 2 0
1,543
2 0 2 1
69
4 Marine Environment Sustainability
4 Marine Environment Sustainability
68

In following the Annex V of the MARPOL—Regulations for the Prevention of Pollution by Garbage from 
Ships, the Company’s fleet mainly divides the waste generated during the voyage into five types for
management: “plastic waste”, “food waste”, “household and work waste”, “burning ashes” and “cargo 
residue”. The Company has also established rules for waste management in the polar zones (latitude 
66.5° and above) according to IMO regulations, but in fact the fleet’s operations has not been carried 
out in those zones.
Each vessel follows instructions on the diagram about the standard configuration of garbage cans specified
by the Company’s SMS in classifying all kinds of garbage into different colors of garbage cans, classifying
garbage into different categories, setting up a centralized place on the afterdeck, and disposing of it in 
accordance with the regulations. According to the regulations, plastic waste and other waste prohibited 
from being disposed of into the sea should be disposed of onshore. In 2021, the total amount of waste 
disposed of onshore amounted to 1,057 cubic meters.
4.3.4 Waste Management
The Baltic Sea, the North Sea, the coastal area within 200 nautical miles of North America, and the 
Caribbean Sea are included in the sulphur oxide emission control area in accordance with Annex VI of 
the IMARPOL—Regulations for the Prevention of Air Pollution from Ships. Ships sailing in this area must 
use fuel with less than 0.1% in sulphur content. In 2021, the Company’s fleet sailed and docked in the 
emission control areas for a total of 2,842 days.
The Company’s fleet operates in compliance with international conventions, works to protect the marine 
environment, and transparently uncovers and reviews incidents of non-compliance with environmental 
laws and regulations for improvements. The Company’s only two violations of environmental laws and 
regulations in the past two years are disclosed below.
4.3.6 Sailing in Emission Control Area
According to the International Convention for 
the Control and Management of Ships’ Ballast
Water and Sediments (BWM), vessels should 
be equipped with a ballast water treatment 
system to remove microorganisms from ballast
water or to exchange ballast water in the ocean
as required to reduce the damage caused by 
microbial migration.
As of 2021, the Company’s fleet is already 
equipped with an on-board ballast water 
treatment system, 94% of whose treated 
ballast water meets the standards. Only 6% of
those without such a system met the standard
in the ballast water exchange. The Company 
will continue to install ballast water treatment 
systems according to the docking schedule.
4.3.5 Ballast Water Management
Ballast water discharge
19,349,371 ton
94%
Vessels with the
treatment system
Plastic waste
 616 
 619
512
Cubic meter
Food waste
108
 81
93
Household and work waste
496
1,111
404
Burning ashes
26 
25
25
Cargo residues
6
65
23
Total
1,252
1,901
1,057
2019
Abandoned waste item
2021
U n i t
2020
4.4 Compliance with Environmental Laws
 
and Regulations
Y e a r
E v e n t
2 0 2 0
● M.V. In 2019, while unloading goods at the port of Ube, Japan, M.V. Bizen discharged 
ballast water, causing its oil and water to be pumped out and discharged into the sea as 
the outlet valve of the drain pot in its engine room was abnormally loose.
 Upon discovering abnormal oil spill on the surface of the sea, the seafarer on duty on 
the deck immediately notified the engine room to stop the operation and reported the 
spill to the port authority as soon as possible.
 On February 25, 2020, the Japanese port authority completed an investigation into the 
incident and imposed a fine of JPY700,000. This incident was about accidental spill 
caused by equipment failure.
 The spill was estimated to amount to less than 0.1 metric tons.
2 0 2 1
● When loading cargo at the Swedish port of Halmstad on February 23, 2021, M.V. Amis 
Leader was notified by the port authority that there was oil on the sea around the vessel, 
and the engine stopped the relevant discharge operations immediately.
 An investigation found that the sewage valve of the vessel’s engine room was blocked 
by cement and did not close properly. As a result, a small amount of bilge from the 
bottom of the engine room accidentally mixed with the ballast water that was being 
discharged into the sea.
 On April 20, 2021, the port Authority completed the investigation and closed the case after
 imposing a fine of NT$200,000 (SEK 71,400).
 The spill was estimated to total less than 0.02 metric tons.
2021
71
4 Marine Environment Sustainability
4 Marine Environment Sustainability
70

Talent
Development
5.1 Management of Shore-based Staff |73
5.2 Seafarer Management |82
“Shore-based staff” and “Seafarers” are important assets indispensable for the Company’s stable
operations, with the former managed by the Administration Department and the latter by the Seaman 
Affairs Department. In compliance with relevant regulations, the two departments formulate appropriate 
management policies, appraisals, remunerations, and rewards based on their managed workers’ duties, 
and cultivate maritime transport talents, so as to realize the goal of sustainable operations through
accumulated and inherited practical experience. 
5
5.1 Management of Shore-based Staff
A
Purpose
To create a harmonious workplace for both the Company’s employees and management, so that 
its employees can carry out their duties with peace of mind under the Company’s support.
B
Policy
The Company aims to comply with the Labor Standards Act and relevant labor ordinances, as 
well as establishing its internal management system in accordance with laws and regulations. 
The Company will establish communication channels between its employees and management 
and adjust its regulations based on their communication results. The Company enhances its 
employees’ focus through its benefits for new staff members, such as guaranteed annual salary 
and allowances for the three festivals (New Year, Dragon Boat Festival, and Mid-Autumn Festival)
and maternity leave.
C
Management Approach
1. Comply with labor laws and regulations such as the Labor Standards Act,
 Act of Gender Equality in Employment, Occupational Safety and Health Act,
 Prevention of Sexual Harassment Act, and the Regulations of Leave-Taking
 of Workers.
2. Formulate relevant employee work rules, health and safety work rules,
 and regulations for the prevention, compliant, and punishment of sexual
 harassment in the workplace.
3. Hold quarterly labor-management meetings to discuss labor-related issues.
4. The Company runs a transparent employee management system, with related
 information announced in the Company’s internal announcement column.
Commitment
Short-term goals:
1. To fully comply with the labor acts and fulfill the goal of zero punishment
 throughout the year.
2. To establish a training system promoted by internal regulations and conduct
 training on labor rights, gender equality, and occupational safety and health.
Medium to long-term goals:
1. To reduce labor disputes.
2. To help employees accumulate their practical experience for their professional
 for sustainable corporate development.
Goal and 
Target
5.1.1 Management Approach
SDG 8 Dignified Work and Economic Growth
Contributions and Highlights /
● The Company’s contributions and performance highlights — The
 Company’s shore-based staff grew steadily in size, with 0% and 2% 
year-on-year jumps in 2021 and 2020 respectively.
● The return rate of parental leave and retention rate were both 100% in 
2021 and 2020.
SDG 10 Reduced Inequalities
Contributions and Highlights /
● The Company’s contributions and performance highlights — The 
Company’s talent selection and employee policy are both equal and 
fair, irrespective of race, gender, age, and social origin.
73
5 Talent Development

C
Management Approach
1. The Company’s department heads will raise matters for discussion at executive
 meeting.
2. Labor representatives will raise matters for discussion at labor-management
 meeting.
3. Appeals are made to the Human Resources Division by telephone or e-mail.
4. Report to the Audit Office through the Company’s reporting system.
5. Complaints about sexual harassment in the workplace can be filed through 
 the Company’s sexual harassment hotline and dedicated mailbox.
Grievance 
Mechanism
1. In 2021, the Company was randomly checked by the labor office, which found
 no defects.
2. In 2021, the Company completed the election for its second Labor Committee.
3. The Company reviewed its regulations for the prevention, compliant, and
 punishment of sexual harassment in the workplace , and then announcing
 the results.
4. In response to the pandemic, the Company established and implemented a
 staggered shifts to protect the health and safety of its employees.
Specific 
Action
Board of Directors: Approval for the Company’s systems, regulations, and 
employee remunerations.
General Manager: Review of the Company’s systems, regulations, and 
employee remunerations.
Administration Department: Review and amendment of the Company’s
management systems and regulations.
Department heads: Implement the Company’s management systems and 
regulations.
Responsibility
& Resource
D
Evaluation and Adjustment Plan for Management Approach
The Company complies with the Labor Standards Act and relevant laws and regulations, and 
adjusts various internal regulations accordingly to reduce labor disputes and improve employee 
rights and benefits. The current management approach of labor-employment relations is effective,
thus, adjustment is not needed for the time being. 
The Company’s talent recruitment is made mainly through advertisements on recruitment websites. 
After passing the Company’s CV screening and two interviews, the successful job candidate should 
confirm their start date with the Company, which will then issue an employment notice.
The Company’s talent selection and employee policies are based on the principles of equality
and fairness, and do not differ by race, gender, age, and social origin, in an effort to avoid workplace
discrimination.
Talent Recruitment
In 2020, all staff in the Company’s Taipei headquarters and Kaohsiung office were regular employees. In 
2021, one new part-time employee was employed. Based on its business needs, the Company’s workforce
grows year by year. In 2021, there were more male employees among the Company’s senior executives, 
accounting for 66%, and more female employees among its mid-ranking executives, composing 60%. 
Overall, the numbers of male employees and female employees among mid-ranking and senior executives
were comparable. In the future, the Company will continue adhering to the principle of equal promotion 
opportunities for male employees and female employees when adjusting ranks.
Diversity and Equality in Workplace
5.1.2 Employee Overview
I t e m
T o t a l
F e m a l e
M a l e
F e m a l e
T o t a l
M a l e
C a t e g o r y
I t e m
Percentage
F e m a l e
M a l e
F e m a l e
Percentage
M a l e
C a t e g o r y
By ranking
24
8
12
8
20
16 
Senior executive1
35
21
16 
18
34 
14
Mid-ranking executive2
104
75 
32
77
109
29
General employees
By age
9
1
7
1
8
8
Aged 60 and older
Total
153
104
60
103
163
59
Percentage
100%
64%
37%
63%
100%
36%
Average age 
37.48
34.76
40.98
34.12
36.65
42.27
Average length of service (year)
7.94
7.97
6.82
7.19
7.06
7.89
6 
1
6
1
7
5
Aged 50-59
28
12
12
13
25
16 
Aged 40-49
83
64 
22
60
82 
19
Aged 30-39
37
26
13
28
41
11
Aged 20-29
0%
0
0
0
0%
0
Doctorate / PhD
By the 
highest 
academic 
qualifica-
tion
28%
28
18
30
29%
18
Master / MPhil
67%
74
36
71
66%
35
University
5%
2
6
2
5%
6
High school
0%
0
0
0
0%
0
Below high school
Workforce composition
2 0 2 1
2 0 2 0
Note 1: Senior executive: from manager or above.
Note 2: Mid-ranking executive: from assistant supervisor to deputy manager.
75
74
5 Talent Development
5 Talent Development

The ratio of employee turnover the company is one of the important indicators of employee policy. The 
Company aims to maintain a reasonable and healthy ratio of employees joining and leaving the Company.
Newcomer Rate and Departure Rate
The Company complies with the International Bill of Human Rights, the domestic labor laws and regulations,
and the Company’s human rights policies, and does not offer different salaries and positions to its 
employees due to their gender, age, nationality, or race. The Company’s overall remuneration policy and 
remuneration levels are evaluated and supervised by the Remuneration and Compensation Committee, 
composed of independent directors. Employee salaries are adjusted annually by reference to the market 
rates and economic trends. There is also a bonus payment method. The bonus system includes the 
provision of annual bonuses for senior employees, and the guarantee of a 15-month annual salary and a 
5-month full-term bonus after three years of service for newcomers. In 2021, the Company’s average monthly
salary for its employees was NT$58,874/person, about 5.2% higher than 2020’s average of NT$55,958/person.
Employee Remunerations
The benefit system is a key factor in maintaining the quality of work and life. Therefore, the Company 
provides a diversified benefit policy, which allows its employees to develop their professional talents 
without worries while achieving the abundance and fullness of life.
Benefit System
In order to enable employees to care for their work and family and raise their children without any 
worries, during the three stages of pregnancy, childbirth, and upbringing, the Company provides various 
protection measures, such as prenatal examination leave, maternity leave, paternity leave, parental 
leave, and maternity assistance, and regards the implementation of childcare leave, reinstatement rates 
and retention rates as important indicators of its fertility policy.
Parental Leave
5.1.3 Remuneration and Benefits System
Age / sex distribution
T o t a l
F e m a l e
M a l e
F e m a l e
T o t a l
M a l e
2
0
1
0
1
2
Aged 60 and older
1
0
2
0
2
1
Aged 50-59
0
0
0
0
0
0
Aged 40-49
0
0
2
3
5
0
Aged 30-39
6
5
4
3
7
1
Aged 20-29
Total new employees (A)
9
5
9
6
15
4
Gender percentage
100%
56%
60%
40%
100%
44%
Number of departed new employees (B)
1
1
1
1
2
0
Newcomer rate = (A-B)/total employees
5%
4%
13%
5%
8%
7%
New employee
2 0 2 1
2 0 2 0
Age / sex distribution
T o t a l
F e m a l e
M a l e
F e m a l e
T o t a l
M a l e
2
0
2
0
2
2
Aged 60 and older
1
0
0
1
1
1
Aged 50-59
1
1
0
0
0
0
Aged 40-49
1
1
2
1
3
0
Aged 30-39
4
2
2
3
5
2
Aged 20-29
Total departures (A)
9
4
6
5
11
5
Gender percentage
100%
44%
55%
45%
100%
56%
Turnover = (A)/total employees
6%
4%
10%
5%
7%
8%
Employee turnover
2 0 2 1
2 0 2 0
Labor insurance, health insurance, life insurance ( employee group 
insurance, accident insurance ), medical insurance ( hospitalization 
insurance), and disability insurance (occupational accident insurance).
Insurance
In principle, the Company references the retirement system under
the Labor Standards Act. However, after measuring its manpower 
requirements, it may extend its contracts with employees who have 
reached retirement age by increasing the retirement age or re-employing
them as consultants.
Retirement 
system
Year-end bonus, Dragon Boat bonus, Mid-Autumn bonus, performance
bonus, annual salary increments, guaranteed 15-month annual salary for
newcomers, and a 5-months full-term bonus issued upon the completion
of the first three years of service.
Remuneration 
system
Paid annual leave and sick leave totaling 3 days each, annual leave, 
prenatal examination leave, maternity leave, paternity leave, and 
parental leave.
Leave
Employee check-ups, no handling fee for 99 inter-bank withdrawals or 
remittances per month from employees’ salary transfer accounts, 
work uniforms.
Others
Gift boxes for the three festivals, birthday gift, birthday cake, and 
year-end lucky draw.
Gifts
Sports subsidy, maternity subsidy, hospitalization subsidy, marriage 
subsidy, funeral subsidy.
Subsidy
A recreational allowance is annually issued to all departments for 
recreational activities.
Leisure
Staff canteen, library, and nursing rooms.
Facility
Irregular share subscription options for employees.
Share subscription
by employees
77
76
5 Talent Development
5 Talent Development

The Company’s employee benefit expenses over the past three years are summarized in the following 
table. Please refer to the annual consolidated financial report for details on the amounts of net defined 
benefit liabilities, retirement benefit costs and the amount of retirement benefits appropriated.
Employee Benefits
Adhering to the new system for labor pensions, the Company makes a monthly contribution of no less 
than 6% of the employee’s monthly wages and save it in their personal pension account established at 
the Bureau of Labor Insurance. For the remaining related matters, the Company handles them in accordance
with laws and regulations.
In addition, as it recognizes its employees’ previous length of service at the Company, for those who 
choose the old system, the Company will, in compliance with the Labor Standards Act, make a monthly 
provision valued at 2% of the employee’s monthly salary from the Company’s pension reserve fund, and 
deposit it in their Bank of Taiwan account responsible for handling pension receipts and payments, 
storage and use in the name of the Supervisory Committee of Labor Retirement Reserve.
Pension Scheme
The Company’s Employee Benefits Committee is composed of eight representatives appointed by each 
of the Company’s departments. The committee is headed by the general manager, who will appoint a 
general secretary to assist in arranging meetings and other related matters.
The committee’s major tasks involve gift boxes for the three festivals, monthly employee birthday gift 
money and boxes, maternity allowances, funeral gratuity, hospitalization gratuity, etc. In 2021, the
Company’s benefits expenditure totaled NT$819,451.
Employees’ Welfare Committee
The Company attaches great importance to the development of its employees’ professional and general 
skills. In addition to holding internal education and training for newcomers from time to time, all of the 
Company’s department heads will serve as lecturers to explain the operations and expertise of their 
department. Also, the Company encourages its employees to participate in external study activities or 
invite external units to give lectures to the Company’s staff.
In 2021, the Company’s employees received a total 287.25 hours of training, a decrease from the previous
year, mainly due to the impact of the Covid-19 pandemic in 2021. In the same year, the Company had 43 
trainees, accounting for 26% of its employees, who received an average 1.8 hours’ training.
Education and Training
5.1.4 Education, Training, and Career Development
C a t e g o r y
T o t a l
F e m a l e
M a l e
F e m a l e
T o t a l
M a l e
5
5
0
2
2
0
Actual number of parental leave 
users in the Current year
3
3
0
2
2
0
Number of people who should
be reinstated after parental leave 
in the Current year (A)
3
3
0
2
2
0
Actual number of employees 
reinstated after parental leave
in the current year (B)
3
3
0
4
4
0
Actual number of employees 
reinstated after parental leave
in the previous year (C)
3
3
0
4
4
0
Number of employees actually 
reinstated after parental leave in the
previous year and still in the 
Company’s employment 12 
months afterward (D)
Reinstatement rate = B/A
100%
100%
NA
100%
100%
NA
Retention rate = D/C
100%
100%
NA
100%
100%
NA
I t e m
2 0 2 1
2 0 2 0
1,909,174
3,579,977
Salary expense
142,425
170,812
Insurance expense
59,869
68,223
Pension expense
67,791
62,473
Other employee benefit expenses
2,179,259
3,881,485
Total
Employee benefit expenses
2 0 2 1
2 0 2 0
Unit: USD
Education and training
2 0 2 1
2 0 2 0
287
Total training hours
187
101
415
231
184
Total
All employees
Female
Male
Total
Female
Male
1.8
Number of training hours per employee1
1.8
1.7
2.5
2.2
3.1 
43
Number of participants in training
24
19
82
44
38
26%
Percentage of employees participating in training2
33%
39%
50%
43%
63%
 
Note 1: Average number of training hours = total training hours/total employees.
Note 2: Percentage of employees participating in training = number of participants in training/total employees.
79
78
5 Talent Development
5 Talent Development

At the end of each year, the Company’s employees will complete their self-assessment and submit it to 
their department heads for review. The department heads shall decide whether to conduct one-on-one 
talks with their workers to understand their work situation for the year and suggestions for their work. 
Then, the department heads will fill in the assessment and appraisal documents, suggest potential 
salary and position adjustments, and submit them to the Human Resources Division of the Management 
Department for the centralized organization. After review by the Remuneration Committee, the division 
will handle the matters.
Appraisal and Promotion
◆ Various safety measures, such as access control, firefighting equipment, emergency evacuation routes,
 and alarm systems, are introduced.
◆ Elevators, firefighting facilities, etc. in the office buildings are regularly maintained.
◆ Safety equipment is placed in accordance with regulations, and the accumulation of items is prohibited
 on the escape routes, which should be kept clear.
◆ Labor insurance, employment insurance, and universal health insurance are handled in accordance
 with the law, and group life insurance and accident insurance have been added.
In 2021, the distribution of employee grades and education and training categories is shown in the 
table below:
Since 2018, the Company has provided a budget of NT$3,000 per existing employee and NT$1,300 per 
newcomer for them to undergo a check-up to understand their health conditions. In 2021, 12 of the
Company’s employees completed their health screening.
Employee Check-ups
The Company evaluates its workplace health and safety management performance based on its employees’
absence rate and disability injuries. In 2020 and 2021, no incidents of disability injuries happened among 
the Company’s employees at its Taipei headquarters and Kaohsiung office. In 2021, the Company’s overall
absence rate stood at 1.37%, and the rate was higher for its female employees than their male counterparts.
The main reason was that the Company’s female employees enjoyed many more types of leave relating 
to childbirth.
Employee Absence Rate and Disability Injuries
Safety Measures in Workplace
5.1.5 Occupational Health and Safety
Senior executive
Mid-ranking executive
low-ranking executive
General employee
24
15
7
8
25
33
22
52
103
Total training 
hours
Course category
 Management
 skills
 Expertise
 Regulatory  
 updates
5
3
4
7
8
2
11
20
5
Number of 
participants in 
training
Average number 
of training hours 
per participant
2.9
2.3
6.0
3.6
4.1
4.0
4.7
5.1
4.4
Department’s
Consolidation
Employee’s
Self-Evaluation
Head of
Department’s Review
Promotion and
personnel transfers
Remuneration
Committee
Employee absence statistics
2 0 2 1
2 0 2 0
Total
Item
Female
Male
Total
Female
Male
63%
Sick leave
63%
63%
295
248
47
518
Days absent1 (A)
481
38
490
443
47
37,802
Total number of working days due2 (B)
24,254
13,548
35,564
23,876
11,688
1.37%
Absence rate (A/B)
1.98%
0.28%
1.38%
1.86%
0.40%
262
Maternity leave
262
－
168
168
－
9
Menstrual leave
9
－
15
15
－
25
Prenatal examination leave
25
－
12
12
－
Note 1: Absence days = total number of absence hours for all employees/7 (7 hours per day).
Note 2: The total number of working days due includes absence days.
81
80
5 Talent Development
5 Talent Development

5.2 Seafarer Management
5.2.1 Overview of Seafarer
At present, the Company cooperates with 17 seafarer manning agencies on the recruitment of seafarers, 
and the screening processes are separate for officers and ratings. In the recruitment of officers, candidates
are firstly provided by seafarer manning agencies. In the first stage, the Business & Operation Department
conducts resume screening. In the second stage, interviews are conducted. The Business Department 
is responsible for reviewing applications for Captain and Chief Officer and the Technical Department for 
reviewing the practical experience and business abilities of applicants for Chief Engineer. Only those 
who have passed all the screenings can be employed. Ratings are selected by the Seaman Affairs 
Department directly according to the manpower requirements of each type of vessel, and the department
will review applicants’ license qualifications and conduct interviews.
Seafarer Recruitment
At the end of 2021, the Company had a total of 2,623 seafarers, most of them were Chinese. Since 2020, 
under the impact of the Covid-19 pandemic, the boundaries of various countries have been closed and 
flights reduced, making it difficult for crew change, which resulted in widespread overtime services, 
compromising their productivity and safety. In order to diversify risks, the Company has expanded its 
employment of Vietnamese, Bangladeshi, and Indian seafarers since 2021 to balance the employment 
ratio of seafarers of various nationalities. The short-term goal is to reduce the proportion of seafarers of 
any nationality to less than 50%, to avoid the inability to implement crew change plans due to changes 
in one single country’s pandemic prevention regulations and border control, and to reduce the possibility
of operational impact.
Seafarer Composition
In order to safeguard its employees’ rights and benefits, the Company has established the following 
communication and recourse channels:
5.1.6 Labor Communication
Find appropriate solutions through discussion between department 
supervisors regarding labor rights issue and benefits.
Management
Meeting
Labor representatives can put forward labor conditions and labor 
benefits issues as matters to be discussed in the meeting.
Labor-management 
Meetings
For sexual harassment at the workplace, employees may file a
complaint to the sexual harrassment prevention hotline or mailbox.
Sexual Harrassment
Hotline And Mailbox
Employees may file a complaint by telephone or e-mail about 
infringement of personal rights, violation of labor contract, or 
damage to personal rights caused by other illegal reasons.
Human Resources 
Department
The Audit Office may file report according to the Company’s
whistleblower system. The office will be responsible for recording, 
reporting, and investigating the case. The results will be reported to 
the President or the Board of Directors.
Auditing Office
Year
Seafarer
compo-
sition
Ratings
962
258
247
6
－
41
Ratings
862
481
29
2
16
199
Nationality
Chinese  
(PRC)
Vietnam-
ese
Burmese
Taiwanese
Bangla-
deshi
Indian
2020
Officers
826
132
62
11
－
15
1,514
1,589
Sub-
total
1,046
2021
Officers
606
309
15
12
13
79
1,034
Total
2,560
2,623
The Company adopts humanized management for its fleet and provides various reward systems, including
return bonuses, contract bonuses, long service subsidies, etc., to encourage seafarers to continue 
returning to the Company’s fleet and improve operational stability.
The Company employs seafarer on a fixed-term contract. If a seafarer applies for disembarkation due to 
personal factors, emergencies, critical illnesses of their relatives, or other urgent needs, the Company 
will arrange for them to leave the ship as early as possible; if the seafarer needs medical treatment, the 
Company will immediately contact the port agent to help make required medical arrangements for them. 
If the vessel is sailing at sea, the Company will arrange for it to deviate to the nearest port, or arrange for 
a helicopter to rescue the seafarer, so that they can receive proper medical care—health and safety are 
the Company’s first priority. Moreover, in order to show its appreciation for its seafarer’s hard work, the 
Company appropriates extra funds for their meals during the New Year period and at Dragon Boat Festival
and Mid-Autumn Festival (three festivals).
5.2.2 Benefit System
83
82
5 Talent Development
5 Talent Development

5.2.3 Professional Training and Career Development
Professional Training
All of the Company’s seafarers must complete at least 6 hours of professional training before 
embarking on the vessel. They are trained by senior docking Captains / Chief Engineers from 
seafarer manning agencies, who are responsible for carrying out the “All Seafarer Training 
Workshop” and “Special Training Workshop for the Captain, Chief Engineer, and Chief Officer”.
All Seafarer Training Workshop
The Company’s objectives under its Safety Management System.
The Company’s safety and environmental policy.
The Company’s Safety Management System (including safety standards for thermal 
work, as well as high-altitude and outboard operations).
Procedure book on seafarer duties.
The Company’s security policy and precautions (including stairway access control, 
maintaining safety awareness, restricted areas, ship-wide search operations, types 
of and control on visitor identification cards, etc.)
Medicine, drug and alcohol control mechanism.
Waste and Sewage Treatment Procedures; Environmental Procedures on Oil Pollution
Prevention.
Special Training Workshop for the Captain, Chief Engineer,
and Chief Officer
Notes on PSC Inspection.
Ship Maintenance Plan and Safety Equipment Inspection Procedures.
Emergency Drill Program Procedures.
Defect Report Protocol.
The appraisal of the seafarer shall be carried out after three months of their service on board and before 
their departure from the vessel for vacation. Firstly, the Chief Officer will appraise the deck department, 
and the Chief Engineer the engine department, and then the Captain will review the appraisals. For 
promotion, the seafarer should have the license qualification and practical experience required by laws 
and regulations. The deck department can request the Captain to submit recommendations, and the 
engine room department the Chief Engineer, and then their recommendations are reviewed and 
approved by the Company.
Appraisal and Promotion
The Chief Officer
and Chief Engineer’s 
Assessment
The Captain /
Chief Engineer’s
Recommendation
The Captain’s Review
Promotion and
personnel transfers
Company’s Approval
5.2.4 Occupational Health and Safety
In accordance with the SOLAS, the Company has developed safety drills and training. For details on the 
implementation, please refer to Section 3.2.2. For various tasks in its daily operations, the Company 
provides safety equipment including work uniforms, safety shoes, helmets, gloves, and ropes, goggles, 
earplugs, anti-slip shoes, masks, etc. The seafarer should choose appropriate equipment according to 
different work needs to protect themselves.
The work safety standards can be divided into three parts: “before work”, “during work” and “after 
work”, with the following key points:
Work Safety Standards
Before
work
● The Chief Officer / 1st Engineer conducts a risk assessment and plans for risk
 management and control based on the identification results.
● Work meetings are convened to inform the seafarer of work arrangements and possible
 hazards at work.
● For high-risk operations, the Chief Officer / 2nd Engineer controls the risks according 
to the pre-work checklist.
● All seafarers are confirmed to be wearing proper safety equipment as required.
During 
work
● The bosun / oiler on duty pays close attention to the seafarer’s status at work.
● If a seafarer makes a mistake, the bosun and seafarer on duty should immediately 
correct and report it to the Chief Officer / 2nd Engineer.
After 
work
● Reclaim, examine, and clean all safety equipment.
● Put back hatch covers, manhole covers, and used mechanical equipment, etc.
● Conduct work deficiency reviews in accordance with the Company’s management 
procedures.
85
84
5 Talent Development
5 Talent Development

In 2021, the Company’s fleet experienced 90 incapacitating injuries, mainly inadvertent injuries at work. 
To minimize the occurrence of disability injuries, the Company requests its seafarer manning agencies 
to provide strengthened training for the seafarer in professional skills and safety before their embarking 
on the vessel, and requires the Captain to supervise the seafarer’s safety implementation at work, to 
conduct a risk assessment before the performance of work tasks, and to ensure that the seafarer is 
wearing safety gear when performing tasks with potential dangers, regarding the seafarer’s safety as the 
first priority.
Disability Injuries
10
9
Fall
16
59
Others (COVID-19)
1
3
Death
41
90
Disability injury count (A + B)
8,478
19,629
Number of hours lost due to incapacity
7.00
15.00
Lost time incident rate (LTIR)
1,447.43
3,270.72
Severity rate (SR)
41
90
Total number of persons
5,857,280
6,001,424
Total experienced working hours
40
87
Total number of accidents (A)
1
3
Number of fatalities (B)
11
16
Damaged body part (cut / wiped / clipped / pressed / hit etc.)
1
2
Burn
2
1
Contact with harmful substances
Injury category
2 0 2 1
2 0 2 0
If seafarers has any recourse needs during their service period, they may first follow the relevant procedures
by submitting an appeal to the responsible person on duty in their department, who shall then report it 
to their supervisor. The supervisor shall respond to the appeal within five days. If seafarers are dissatisfied
with the result, they may request to meet with the Captain, who shall handle the appeal himself. The 
processing of appeals shall be recorded and a copy submitted to the relevant seafarers and, if it cannot be
resolved on board, the Company, which shall consult with or respond to the seafarers or their designated
representative within eight days.
In 2021, a total of 18 appeals were filed, including seafarers' demanding a pay hike, refusing to go to 
COVID-rampant countries, and inability to take leave due to various national pandemic control measures.
In addition to communicating with the seafarers on the strengthened pandemic prevention measures 
and risks, the Company also closely monitored the treatment of seafarers in the industry to adjust the 
seafarers’ salaries and nationality composition, as well as updating its weekly quarantine regulations for 
each crew change in different areas, so as to make early plans for the vessel’s route.
5.2.5 International Maritime Organization
 
and Classification Societies
SASB Content Index
TR-MT-120a.1 
Air emissions of the following pollutants: 
NOx (excluding N2O), SOx, and
particulate matter (PM10)
NOx: 748.98
SOx: 59.44
PM10: 14.42
4.2.2
TR-MT-320a.1 
Lost time incident rate (LTIR)
15.0
5.2.4
TR-MT-110a.1 
Gross global Scope 1 emissions (tons CO2e)
30,733
4.2.1
TR-MT-110a.2 
Discussion of long-term and short-term
strategy or plan to manage Scope 1
emissions, emissions reduction targets, 
and an analysis of performance against 
those targets
The Company has 
adopted Annual Efficiency
Ratio (AER) as the 
measurement for the 
carbon emission intensity,
set 2008 as the base 
year, targeted to reduce 
carbon emission intensity
by at least 55% by 2030 
and at least 80% by 2040
4.2.3
TR-MT-110a.3 
(1) Total Energy consumed (GJ)
(2) Percentage of heavy fuel oil
(3) Percentage of renewable energy
(1) 332,553
(2) 76%
(3) 0%
4.1.3
TR-MT-110a.4 
Average Energy Efficiency Design Index
(EEDI) for new ships
6.97
3.4.2
TR-MT-160a.1 
Shipping duration in marine protected
areas or areas of protected conservation
status (days)
2,842
4.3.6
TR-MT-160a.2 
Ballast water management
Percentage of fleet implementing ballast water
(1) exchange and
(2) treatment
(1) 6%
(2) 94%
4.3.5
TR-MT-160a.3 
(1) Number and
(2) aggregate volume of spills and releases
 
to the environment
(1) 1
(2) <0.02
4.4
Accounting 
Metric
Chapter
D a t a  2 0 2 1
Code & Disclosure Topics
Greenhouse 
Gas Emission
Ecological 
Impacts
Employee 
Health & Safety
Air Quality
87
86
5 Talent Development
SASB Content Index

TR-MT-510a.1 
Number of calls at ports in countries that 
have the 20 lowest rankings in Transparency
International’s Corruption Perception Index
15
1.1
TR-MT-510a.2 
Total amount of monetary losses as a
result of legal proceedings associated with
bribery or corruption
None
1.1
TR-MT-540a.2 
Number of Conditions of Class
or Recommendations
As of December 31, 
2021, the Company’s 
fleet had 50 outstanding 
conditions of class, 
which will be rectified 
before the due dates.
3.2.2
TR-MT-540a.3 
Number of port state control
(1) deficiencies and
(2) detentions
(1) 170
(2) 9
3.2.3
TR-MT-540a.1 
(1) Number of marine casualties,
(2) percentage classified as very serious3
(1) 27
(2) 19%
3.2.2
Accounting 
Metric
Chapter
D a t a  2 0 2 1
Code & Disclosure Topics
Business 
Ethics
Accident & 
Safety
Management
Accounting 
Metric
Chapter
D a t a  2 0 2 1
Code & Disclosure Topics
2,623
1.1 
TR-MT-000.A Number of shipboard personnel
47,958
3.3.2 
TR-MT-000.C Operating days
134
1.1 
TR-MT-000.E Total fleet number
3,554
1.1 
TR-MT-000.F Number of vessel port calls
6,691,051
1.1 
TR-MT-000.D Total Deadweight tonnage (DWT)
N/A
N/A
TR-MT-000.G Twenty foot equivalent unit (TEU)
7.1
1.1 
TR-MT-000.B Total distance travelled by 
vessels (million nautical miles)
Activity Metric
GRI Content Index
102-9 Supply chain
45
3.1 Supply Chain
 
Management
102-3 Location of
 
headquarters
About this Report
03
102-4 Location of
 
operations
1.1 Company Profile
07
102-1 Name of
 
the organization
1.1 Company Profile
07
102-2 Activities, brands,
 
products,
 
and services
1.1 Company Profile
07
102-8 Information on
 
employees and
 
other workers
1.1 Company Profile
5.1.2 Employee Overview
07
74
102-10 Significant changes
 
to the organization
 
and its supply chain
N/A
No material 
changes
102-14 Statement from
 
senior
 
decision-maker
Message from
the Chairman
04
102-11 Precautionary
 
Principle or
 
approach
1.5 Disclosure of 
 
Climate-related 
 
Financial Information
2.1 Risk Assessment
 
and Control
19
23
102-5 Ownership and
 
legal form
1.1 Company Profile
07
102-12 External initiatives
N/A
No involvement in 
external initiatives
102-13 Membership of
 
associations
2.4 Participation in 
 
External Organizations
42
102-7 Scale of
 
the organization
1.1 Company Profile
07
102-6 Markets served
1.1 Company Profile
07
General Disclosure
Disclosure
GRI Standards
Page
Corresponding Chapter
Omission
GRI 102:
General
Disclosures
2016
102-18 Governance
 
structure
1.2 Governance Structure
09
102-40 List of
 
stakeholder groups
2.2 Stakeholders
 
Engagement
37
102-16 Values, principles,
 
standards, and
 
norms of behavior
1.2.3 Business Ethics 
 
Policy
12
89
88
SASB Content Index
GRI Content Index

102-41 Collective bargaining
 
agreements
N/A
No collective 
bargaining 
agreements
102-42 Identifying and 
 
selecting
 
stakeholders
2.2.1 Identification of 
 
Stakeholders
37
102-43 Approach to
 
stakeholder
 
engagement
2.2.2 Communication 
 
with Stakeholders
38
102-44 Key topics and 
 
concerns raised
2.3 Material Topics
40
102-47 List of
 
material topics
2.3 Material Topics
40
102-48 Restatements of
 
information
N/A
102-49 Changes
 
in reporting
N/A
102-51 Date of
 
most recent report
About this Report
03
102-50 Reporting period
About this Report
03
102-55 GRI content index
GRI Content Index
89
102-52 Reporting cycle
About this Report
03
102-45 Entities included
 
in the consolidated
 
financial statements
1.1 Company Profile
07
102-46 Defining report  
 
content and
 
topic Boundaries
2.3.3 Disclosure Scope of 
 
Material Topics
41
102-53 Contact point for 
 
questions regarding 
 
the report
About this Report
03
102-54 Claims of reporting  
 
in accordance with 
 
the GRI Standards
About this Report
03
102-56 External assurance
About this Report
No external 
assurance
03
General Disclosure
Disclosure
GRI Standards
Page
Corresponding Chapter
Omission
GRI 102:
General
Disclosures
2016
103-1 Explanation of
 
the material topic
 
and its Boundary
1.4 Economic
 
Performance
2.3.3 Disclosure Scope of 
 
Material Topics
16
41
103-2 The management
 
approach and
 
its components
1.4 Economic
 
Performance
16
103-3 Evaluation of
 
the management
 
approach
1.4 Economic
 
Performance
16
201-1 Direct economic
 
value generated
 
and distributed
GRI 201:
Economic
Performance
2016
1.4 Economic
 
Performance
16
Material Topics
Economic Performance
Disclosure
GRI Standards
Page
Corresponding Chapter
Omission
GRI 103:
Management
Approach
2016
103-1 Explanation of
 
the material topic
 
and its Boundary
2.3.3 Disclosure Scope of 
 
Material Topics
4.1.2 Energy Management
41
61
103-2 The management
 
approach and
 
its components
4.1.2 Energy Management
61
305-1 Direct (Scope 1)
 
GHG emissions
4.2.1 Greenhouse Gas 
 
Emission
64
305-2 Energy indirect
 
(Scope 2)
 
GHG emissions
4.2.1 Greenhouse Gas 
 
Emission
64
305-3 Other indirect
 
(Scope 3)
 
GHG emissions
4.2.1 Greenhouse Gas 
 
Emission
64
305-4 GHG
 
emissions intensity
4.2.1 Greenhouse Gas 
 
Emission
64
103-3 Evaluation of
 
the management
 
approach
4.1.2 Energy Management
61
302-1 Energy
 
Consumption within 
 
the Organization
4.1.3 Energy Use
62
302-2 Energy 
 
consumption outside
 
of the organization
4.1.3 Energy Use
62
302-3 Energy intensity
4.1.3 Energy Use
62
Energy, Emissions
GRI 103:
Management
Approach
2016
GRI 302:
Energy
2016
GRI 305:
Emissions 
2016
91
90
GRI Content Index
GRI Content Index

401-1 New employee
 
hires and 
 
employee turnover
5.1.2 Employee Overview
74
401-2 Benefits provided to
 
full-time employees
 
that are not provided
 
to temporary or
 
part-time employees
5.1.3 Remuneration and 
 
Benefits System
76
401-3 Parental Leave
5.1.3 Remuneration and 
 
Benefits System
76
GRI 401:
Employment 
2016
Material Topics
Disclosure
GRI Standards
Page
Corresponding Chapter
Omission
305-6 Emissions of
 
ozone-depleting
 
substances (ODS)
4.2.2 Air Pollutant
 
Emissions
65
305-7 Nitrogen
 
oxides (NOx),
 
sulfur oxides (SOx),
 
and other significant
 
air emissions
4.2.2 Air Pollutant
 
Emissions
65
103-1 Explanation of
 
the material topic
 
and its Boundary
2.3.3 Disclosure Scope of 
 
Material Topics
4.3 Environmental Impact
 
of Wisdom Marine
 
Lines’ Operations
41
67
103-2 The management
 
approach and
 
its components
4.3 Environmental Impact
 
of Wisdom Marine
 
Lines’ Operations
67
103-3 Evaluation of
 
the management
 
approach
4.3 Environmental Impact
 
of Wisdom Marine
 
Lines’ Operations
67
GRI 103:
Management
Approach
2016
Energy, Emissions
Compliance with Environmental Laws and Regulations
GRI 305:
Emissions 
2016
307-1 Non-compliance
 
with environmental
 
laws and regulations
GRI 307:
Environmental 
Compliance
2016
4.4 Compliance with 
 
Environmental Laws 
 
and Regulations
71
103-1 Explanation of
 
the material topic
 
and its Boundary
2.3.3 Disclosure Scope of 
 
Material Topics
5 Talent Development
41
72
103-2 The management
 
approach and
 
its components
5 Talent Development
72
103-3 Evaluation of
 
the management
 
approach
5 Talent Development
72
GRI 103:
Management
Approach
2016
Labor-employer relations
Material Topics
Disclosure
GRI Standards
Page
Corresponding Chapter
Omission
Purchase of Eco-ships
103-1 Explanation of
 
the material topic
 
and its Boundary
2.3.3 Disclosure Scope of 
 
Material Topics
4.1.2 Energy Management
41
61
103-2 The management
 
approach and
 
its components
4.1.2 Energy Management
61
103-3 Evaluation of
 
the management
 
approach
4.1.2 Energy Management
61
3.4 Investment in
 
Eco Ships
57
GRI 103:
Management
Approach
2016
Non-GRI 
Topics
Maritime Safety
103-1 Explanation of
 
the material topic
 
and its Boundary
2.3.3 Disclosure Scope of 
 
Material Topics
3.2 Maritime Safety
41
50
103-2 The management
 
approach and
 
its components
3.2 Maritime Safety
50
103-3 Evaluation of
 
the management
 
approach
3.2 Maritime Safety
50
3.2 Maritime Safety
50
GRI 103:
Management
Approach
2016
Non-GRI 
Topics
Transport Quality
103-1 Explanation of
 
the material topic
 
and its Boundary
2.3.3 Disclosure Scope of 
 
Material Topics
3.3 Transport Quality
41
53
103-2 The management
 
approach and
 
its components
3.3 Transport Quality
53
103-3 Evaluation of
 
the management
 
approach
3.3 Transport Quality
53
3.3 Transport Quality
53
GRI 103:
Management
Approach
2016
Non-GRI 
Topics
93
92
GRI Content Index
GRI Content Index

Material Topics
Disclosure
GRI Standards
Page
Corresponding Chapter
Omission
103-1 Explanation of
 
the material topic
 
and its Boundary
2.3.3 Disclosure Scope of 
 
Material Topics
4.3 Environmental Impact
 
of Wisdom Marine
 
Lines’ Operations
41
67
103-2 The management
 
approach and
 
its components
4.3 Environmental Impact
 
of Wisdom Marine
 
Lines’ Operations
67
4.3 Environmental Impact
 
of Wisdom Marine
 
Lines’ Operations
67
Non-GRI 
Topics
103-3 Evaluation of
 
the management
 
approach
4.3 Environmental Impact
 
of Wisdom Marine
 
Lines’ Operations
67
GRI 103:
Management
Approach
2016
Environmental Impact of the Transport Process
2 0 2 1
Wisdom Marine Group
ESG Report
94
GRI Content Index

© 2021 Taiwan All Rights Reserved.
WISDOM MARINE GROUP
Address / Rm. 711, 7F, No. 237, Sec. 2, Fu-hsing S. Rd., Taipei 106, Taiwan
Tel / (02) 2755-2637
Email / ir@wisdomlines.com.tw
www.wisdomlines.com.tw/
